PHILADELPHIA -- — Patrick Mahomes, Tyreek Hill and the Kansas City Chiefs gave Andy Reid a record-setting homecoming.
Mahomes threw five touchdown passes three different ways, including three to Hill, and the Chiefs beat the Philadelphia Eagles 42-30 on Sunday.
Reid returned to Philadelphia and earned his 100th career win with the Chiefs, becoming the first coach in NFL history to win 100 games with two teams. Reid’s 140 victories with the Eagles are the most in franchise history.
“The people here have been phenomenal since I got here,” said Reid, who was briefly hospitalized after last week's loss to the Chargers. “My room was loaded with food so it was good to have a cheesesteak and a lot of other things. It's good to be back.”
Asked if coming back to Philadelphia made him emotional, the normally stoic Reid joked: “I’m pretty good. You want me to cry up here?”
Jalen Hurts threw for a career-high 387 yards and two TDs but Philadelphia (1-3) couldn’t keep up with Kansas City’s high-powered offense. The Eagles had three touchdowns negated by penalty and settled for field goals three times inside the red zone.
“You’re furious that you’re 1-3," Eagles rookie coach Nick Sirianni said. "The self-inflicted wounds have got to stop.”
The two-time defending AFC champion Chiefs (2-2) snapped a two-game losing streak after entering with a losing record for the first time since they were 4-5 in 2015.
Mahomes tossed TD passes underhanded, overhanded and shoveled one on Kansas City’s three possessions in the first half. He finished with 278 yards passing and his interception was the only possession the Chiefs didn't score a TD. Hill had 11 catches for 186 yards.
Mahomes flipped a 1-yard TD pass underhanded to Clyde Edwards-Helaire for a 7-3 lead in the first quarter.
Mahomes said Travis Kelce designed that play with himself serving as the decoy. Edwards-Helaire gave away the name of the play: “Tom and Jerry.”
“When you have receivers coming up and saying: "If I do this, it'll get someone else open,' that's a special group of guys," Mahomes said.
Mahomes threw a normal 6-yard TD pass to Hill to give the Chiefs a 14-10 lead. He set up the score a few plays earlier on first-and-20 from the 42 with a beautiful 32-yard pass to Hill, who made an excellent over-the-shoulder, fingertip catch near the sideline.
His 2-yard shovel pass to Jody Fortson increased Kansas City’s lead to 21-13 with under a minute left in the first half.
Darrel Williams ran in from the 1 to extend the lead to 28-16 but the Eagles answered with Kenneth Gainwell’s 7-yard TD run to get within 28-23.
Mahomes then connected with Hill on TD passes of 12 and 44 yards.
SETTLING
Hurts completed his first three passes for 56 yards on the opening drive but overthrew Zach Ertz in the end zone and the Eagles settled for Jake Elliott’s 29-yard field goal.
Late in the second quarter, Hurts missed Greg Ward open in the end zone after a 6-yard TD pass to Dallas Goedert was nullified by a penalty on left tackle Andre Dillard for being ineligible downfield. Elliott ended up hitting a 25-yarder.
A 3-yard TD pass from Hurts to Ertz in the third quarter was negated by an offensive pass interference penalty on J.J. Arcega-Whiteside so Elliott kicked a 31-yarder.
DeVonta Smith later caught a 34-yard TD pass but he stepped out of bounds. The Eagles then couldn’t convert on fourth down.
DEVONTA’S TIME
Smith caught seven passes for a career-high 122 yards. Smith, the 2020 Heisman Trophy winner with the 10th overall pick in the NFL draft, had 115 yards receiving in the first three games combined.
KELCE BROS
Three-time All-Pro tight end Travis Kelce improved to 3-0 against his older brother, three-time All-Pro center Jason Kelce. Travis had only four catches for 23 yards but his acting skills were on display when he waved his arms, pretending to not know the play right before the snap on Mahomes’ shovel TD pass.
DOWN TO ONE
Jason Kelce made his 109th consecutive start. He was the only member of Philadelphia’s starting offensive line who played after right tackle Lane Johnson was scratched due to a “personal” matter.
SHADY’S BACK
LeSean McCoy was honored by the Eagles after he officially retired on Friday. McCoy spent his first six seasons in Philadelphia from 2009-14 and finished as the franchise’s all-time leader in yards rushing with 6,792. McCoy was a two-time All-Pro, six-time Pro Bowl pick and was a member of Super Bowl championship teams each of the past two seasons.
INJURIES
Chiefs: DE Frank Clark (hamstring), CB Charvarius Ward (quad) and S Rashad Fenton (concussion) were inactive.
Eagles: S Rodney McLeod played his first since suffering a torn ACL last December.
UP NEXT
Chiefs: Host the Buffalo Bills on Sunday in a rematch of last season’s AFC championship game.
Eagles: Visit the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.
------
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter at https://twitter.com/robmaaddi and his work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/robmaaddi
------