TAMPA, Fla. -- Jameis Winston threw for 332 and three touchdowns without an interception, and Nick Folk kicked a 34-yard field goal as time expired to give the Tampa Bay Buccaneers a 25-23 victory over the winless New York Giants on Sunday.
Folk redeemed himself after missing two field goals and an extra point earlier in the day, booting the winner after Winston answered Eli Manning's second TD pass of the day with an impressive drive that began at his 25.
The Giants (0-4) lost on a last-second field goal for the second straight week. They took a 23-22 lead on Rhett Ellison's 2-yard TD reception with 3:16 remaining. Manning threw to Odell Beckham Jr., in the rear of the end zone for a 2-point conversion that was disallowed because the receiver had stepped out of bounds before making the catch.
Winston threw TDs passes of 6 yards to Mike Evans and 58 yards to O.J. Howard in building an early 13-0 lead. His 14-yard scoring pass to Cameron Brate put the Bucs up 22-17 midway through the fourth quarter, setting the stage for an exciting close.
A week after scoring his first two touchdowns of the season and being fined $12,154 for a dog-like TD celebration, Beckham had seven receptions for 90 yards, including a 42-yarder that led to Manning's pass to Ellison for New York's short-lived one-point lead.
Manning finished 30 of 49 for 288 yards and no interceptions. He also scored New York's first rushing TD of the season on a 14-yard scramble in the second quarter.
INJURIES
Giants: Beckham left for the final four plays of New York's first TD drive when he injured a finger on his right hand attempting to make a catch along the sideline. He returned on the team's next possession. ... DE Olivier Vernon left in the first half with an ankle injury and did not return. ... DT Damon Harrison left in the third quarter with a bruised knee, but returned. ... C Weston Richberg left in the second half with a concussion.
Buccaneers: They played without LBs Lavonte David (ankle) and Kwon Alexander (hamstring), as well as S T.J. Ward. ... S Keith Tandy left in the second half with a hip injury and did not return.
IN THE BOOTH
The Fox broadcast crew working the game featured twin brothers Ronde and Tiki Barber, who played their entire NFL careers for the Bucs and Giants, respectively. After playing together in college at Virginia, Ronde spent 16 years for Tampa Bay and Tiki starred for 10 seasons in New York. They were 2-2 in head-to-head meetings as pros.
UP NEXT
Giants: Return home to face the Los Angeles Chargers.
Buccaneers: Remain at home, hosting New England on Thursday night.
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL.