Injuries and accusations overshadowed New England extending its winning streak to eight games and closing in on its ninth consecutive AFC East title following a 23-3 win on Sunday.
White was being evaluated for a concussion after he was struck by Gronkowski while lying on the ground after Buffalo's rookie first-round pick intercepted a Brady pass with 4:50 remaining.
New England's tight end was remorseful following the game.
 Blandino said following the game.
Rex Burkhead scored on 1 and 14-yard runs on the Patriots first two drives of the second half, and Stephen Gostkowski hit three field goals in a game New England never trailed.
The Pats (10-2) won their 14th consecutive road game -- the second-longest streak in NFL history -- and reached double-digits in victories for the 15th consecutive season. New England also improved to 30-5 against Buffalo since Patriots coach Bill Belichick was hired in 2000.
Tom Brady went 21 of 30 for 258 yards and an interception, while improving to 27-3 over Buffalo and breaking Brett Favre's NFL record for most wins by a quarterback against any one opponent. Favre had 26 wins over Detroit.
Minus Taylor, the Bills would have to back to rookie Nathan Peterman. The fifth-round draft pick proved he wasn't ready two weeks ago, throwing five interceptions in the first half of a 54-24 loss at the Los Angeles Chargers .
On Sunday, Peterman went 6 of 15 for 50 yards. His opening drive ended on downs at the Patriots 1 when his fade pass intended for Zay Jones was batted away by cornerback Stephon Gilmore, Buffalo's 2012 first-round draft pick. Gilmore spent his first five seasons in Buffalo before signing with the Patriots in free agency this past offseason.
Webb had three rushes for 27 yards, including a 22-yarder up the middle to open Buffalo's fourth possession. Five snaps later, facing second-and-10 from New England's' 37, Webb slightly overthrew Travaris Cadet, who was open deep over the middle.
Late in the first quarter after the Patriots finished a 14-play drive that ended with a 50-yard field goal by Gostkowski, CBS cameras caught Brady and offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels in a heated discussion on the sideline.
