Fumbled snaps, dropped passes and a big-time drenching had both squads trying to find their footing, but the Falcons steadied themselves just enough in a driving rain to slide past the New York Jets 25-20 on a soggy Sunday at MetLife Stadium
 Ryan said. "I have played in situations where we had some heavy rain or tough wind or anything like that for a little bit. From kickoff to the end of the game it was coming down pretty hard.
Ryan threw touchdown passes to Austin Hooper and Mohamed Sanu to help the Falcons (4-3) end a three-game skid -- all to other AFC East teams.
Ryan, who finished 18 of 29 for 254 yards, had lots of trouble with the weather, fumbling four snap exchanges from center Alex Mack and losing two of them. The Falcons ended up lining Ryan up in the shotgun down the stretch to prevent further problems.
The Jets (3-5) had their own issues while losing their third straight game in which they held a lead in the fourth quarter . Josh McCown had a bad snap exchange and fumbled on another play -- but recovered -- and Jeremy Kerley had a costly muffed punt.
McCown finished 26 of 33 for 257 yards with touchdown passes to Robby Anderson and Eric Tomlinson.
Despite the soggy conditions, the Jets ran for just 43 yards on 22 carries. Matt Forte, who had 7 yards on four attempts, suggested that offensive coordinator John Morton  from the game plan.
The Jets missed a chance to increase a 17-16 lead early in the fourth quarter when Chandler Catanzaro missed his second field goal of the game, going wide right on a 48-yard attempt.
Tevin Coleman eluded a few tackle attempts on a 52-yard run that got the ball to the Jets 10. After Coleman ran for 5 more yards, Ryan fumbled the snap and recovered. Ryan then hit a diving Sanu for an 8-yard touchdown to make it 22-17, but the Falcons quarterback again fumbled the snap on the 2-point conversion and the Jets recovered.
New York cut the deficit to two on its next possession on Catanzaro's 46-yard field goal with 8:42 remaining.
New York's defense stiffened, though, and held the Falcons to a 29-yard field goal by Bryant to give Atlanta a 25-20 lead with 5:19 left.
The Falcons nearly put the game away with what appeared to be an 80-yard punt return for a touchdown by Andre Roberts, but Atlanta's Sharrod Neasman was called for an illegal block in the back -- negating the score.
After losing to Buffalo, Miami and New England in consecutive weeks, Atlanta looked very little like the NFC champions from a year ago. The Falcons held on in this one and got back to winning
FAST START: The Jets opened the game with an impressive drive, going 75 yards in eight plays and capped by McCown's 20-yard touchdown toss to a wide-open Eric Tomlinson , who had his first NFL score.
New York got the ball right back four plays later, when Ryan botched the snap from center Alex Mack and Jordan Jenkins recovered. But the Jets couldn't take advantage as Catanzaro's 46-yard attempt was wide right.
SWINGING MOMENTUM: The Jets took a 17-10 lead with 2:26 remaining in the first half when McCown connected with Anderson on a perfectly placed 24-yard pass through a driving rain for a touchdown.
Bryant booted field goals of 45 and 37 yards to cut the deficit to one at 17-16 in the third quarter. The second kick came on a drive that started on a 53-yard catch by Julio Jones. The Falcons wide receiver had been held to just two catches for 21 yards by Morris Claiborne, who left with a foot injury.
WHOOPS: The Falcons had fumbled just four times coming in and lost just one -- also by Ryan.
