EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  The Dallas Cowboys needed a big win to stay in the playoff hunt and they got it with the big play in spoiling Steve Spagnuolo's debut as New York interim coach and the return of quarterback Eli Manning to the Giants' starting lineup.
Dak Prescott threw two of his three touchdown passes, including a go-ahead 20-yarder to Giants' nemesis Jason Witten, and linebacker Sean Lee set up a touchdown run by Rod Smith as the Cowboys scored three times in a 4:41 span late in the fourth quarter to beat the still reeling Giants 30-10 on Sunday.
The biggest play might have been Prescott's 54-yard third down pass play to Cole Beasley. Witten scored on the next play to break a 10-all tie with 7:38 to play and it seemed to take the air out of the Giants (2-11).
After a punt, Rod Smith scored on an 81-yard pass play on third down with 4:08 to play and he closed out the scoring with 2:57 to play with his run on a play that looked as if no one on the Giants wanted to tackle him.
Prescott, who was 20 of 30 for a career-high 332 yards also threw a 50-yard scoring pass to Dez Bryant as the Cowboys stayed in the playoff hunt with three games left in the regular season. Dan Bailey added a 21-yard field goal as the Cowboys finished with 454 yards.
Manning, who got a standing ovation taking the field, threw a 1-yard TD pass to Rhett Ellison late in the second quarter that gave New York a brief 10-3 lead. Aldrick Rosas had a 39-yard field goal. Manning finished 31 of 46 for 228 yards with a touchdown and two late interceptions.
The moves came with the Giants spiraling out of control in a season where much was expected following their first playoff appearance since 2011.
Fans were also upset with the benching of Manning days earlier in a loss to Oakland, a decision that ended the two-time Super Bowl MVP's streak of 210 consecutive starts.
Losing close games has been a theme for the Giants this season, and it happened again despite all the changes.
Bailey, who usually never misses a field goal against the Giants, had a 53-yarder hit the right upright in the second quarter and he was wide right from 50 in the third.
The first half ended 10-all with both teams having long opening drives that ended in field goals and then getting late touchdowns passes.
Manning found Ellison from a yard out to cap a 68-yard drive and Prescott drove the Cowboys 75 yards in four plays with Bryant breaking a tackle and scoring from 50.
