DENVER --  Not the wintry weather nor the Denver Broncos' spongy defense could slow down Todd Gurley .
The Rams running back rumbled for a career-high 208 yards and two touchdowns on 28 carries and Los Angeles celebrated defensive coordinator Wade Phillips' homecoming Sunday with a 23-20 win over the reeling Denver Broncos.
 said Gurley, whose previous high was 159 yards at Green Bay in 2015. 
And Denver's defense succumbed again.
A week after allowing 323 yards rushing in a loss to the Jets, including 219 by Isaiah Crowell, the Broncos were gashed for 270 yards on the ground.
The Rams, who had surrendered 31 points in back-to-back games, improved to 6-0 in sending the Broncos (2-4) to their fourth straight loss.
The Broncos pulled to 23-20 on Case Keenum's 1-yard dart to Demaryius Thomas with 1:22 remaining, but Rams receiver Robert Woods knocked Brandon McManus' onside kick out of bounds, and the Rams ran out the clock with Keenum's one-time understudy Jared Goff (14 of 28 for 201 yards on his 24th birthday) twice taking a knee.
The cold did nothing to slow down Gurley, who scored his 10th and 11th touchdowns of the season.
One was on a 10-yard run on fourth down that gave the Rams a 13-3 halftime lead, the other, a 1-yard run that made it 20-3.
Gurley's first score came after a boneheaded move by Broncos receiver Emmanuel Sanders, who thought he had a 44-yard TD catch and jabbed a finger in cornerback Troy Hill's face, drawing a taunting foul.
Upon review, Sanders was ruled down at the 1, and the unsportsmanlike 15-yard penalty pushed the Broncos back to the 16.
Instead of an extra point to give Denver a 7-6 lead, McManus ended up kicking a 28-yard field goal.
Sanders, who had a 22-yard TD catch in the second half, blamed himself for the loss.
If the Broncos had better options, scuffling cornerback Bradley Roby -- who again gave up big plays -- and left tackle Garett Bolles -- who was flagged for his NFL-high sixth holding call Sunday -- also might have been benched.
Miller snapped a three-week sackless streak with 1 1-2 sacks and rookie Bradley Chubb had three sacks.
Rams WR Cooper Kupp was carted off the field after wrenching his left knee when Broncos S Darian Stewart horse-collared him on the Broncos sideline after a 12-yard jet sweep in the second quarter, but he made a surprising return in the second half. OLB Matt Longacre (back) and LT Andrew Whitworth (possible concussion) also left the game.
Rams: Wrap up three-game road swing with a visit to San Francisco.
