JACKSONVILLE, Fla. --  Ben Roethlisberger threw two interceptions on his first 12 passes. The Pittsburgh Steelers failed to score in the first half for the first time in more than two years, and they still trailed by 10 approaching the 2-minute warning.
So when Big Ben muscled his way over the goal line with 5 seconds left for a 20-16 victory over the Jacksonville Jaguars, he wasn't sure where to rank this comeback.
One week after Roethlisberger had a perfect quarterback rating, he overcame three interceptions and a 16-0 deficit by leading touchdown drives on the Steelers' last two possessions, and Pittsburgh escaped with its sixth straight victory.
Roethlisberger hit Antonio Brown on a 78-yard touchdown to get on the board, found JuJu Smith-Schuster on a pair of shoulder fades down the sidelines and took care of the final score on his own. The Steelers had one timeout from the 1 when Roethlisberger rolled to his right and barely got the ball across.
Jacksonville ran only 11 plays in the fourth quarter for minus-7 yards, including three of their six sacks of Blake Bortles
Leonard Fournette ran for 95 yards on 28 carries, and he caught two passes for 46 yards that led to the Jaguars' only touchdown when he launched himself from the 4 and scored for a 16-0 lead with 2:09 left in the third quarter.
Roethlisberger, who now has 10 turnovers in his last three games against Jacksonville, took over from there.
Pittsburgh kicked off and the Jaguars went three-and-out, and then Roethlisberger led a 68-yard drive. He hit Smith-Schuster on the left sideline for a 35-yard gain to the 27 that at least got the Steelers in field goal position.
James Conner, throttled in the running game, dropped a sure touchdown when he got behind linebacker Telvin Smith Sr., turning his eyes to goal line as the ball bounced off his hands. No matter. Roethlisberger hit Brown over the middle to the 2, and after a pair of penalties, he delivered the winner.
Roethlisberger was 27 of 47 for 314 yards, 170 of them in the fourth quarter.
Even with the early turnovers, Jacksonville only managed three field goals from Josh Lambo in the first half. Bortles was largely ineffective, throwing for just 104 yards. His biggest gains were to Fournette out of the backfield.
Pittsburgh came into the game tied for the league lead with 31 sacks and got to Bortles six times. Javon Hargrave and T.J. Watt each had two. Watt now has 17 career sacks, the most by a Steelers player in his first two seasons since Keith Willis, who had 15 in 1982 and 1983.
Two sacks, by Vince Williams and Cameron Heyward, came early in the fourth quarter after the Jags took over on the Pittsburgh 41.
 Hargrave said, referring to the 45-42 playoff loss to Jacksonville. 
One week after Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey tweeted after a loss to the Colts that  he had his best game of the year. Ramsey had two interceptions, none bigger than in the end zone over Brown.
With the Steelers trailing 9-0 in the third quarter, Roethlisberger threw to Brown over the middle. Ramsay reached over Brown's helmet and juggled the ball before pulling it in. He tried to run out of the end zone, stumbled and kept going until he was ruled down by contact.
James Conner came into the game with 771 yards rushing, tops in the AFC. He didn't have much room against Jacksonville, gaining 25 yards on nine attempts.
Steelers: On the road against the Denver Broncos next Sunday.
