The speedy receiver scored three touchdowns, including two in the first quarter, as the Chiefs opened the season with a 38-28 victory over the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday.
On a day when the Chargers' biggest concerns were Mahomes and Hunt, it was Hill's big plays that set the tone. Hill had a 91-yard punt return for a score and a 58-yard TD reception during the first quarter to give Kansas City a 14-3 lead. He then added a 1-yard reception on a shovel pass for a score in the fourth quarter to put the game out of reach.
Hill also had 169 yards on seven receptions, which is the second-most yards by a Chiefs receiver in an opener, according to Pro Football Reference. Carlos Carson had 173 yards receiving against New Orleans in 1985.
Mahomes, who moved into the starting spot after Alex Smith was traded to Washington in the offseason, was 15 of 27 for 256 yards as the Chiefs extended their winning streak over the Chargers to nine.
After the Chargers got the opening kickoff but went three-and-out, Hill took Drew Kaser's punt 91 yards for a touchdown just 1 minute, 57 seconds into the game. The third-year receiver fielded the punt near the right hash mark, but quickly found an opening up the left sideline.
It was Hill's fourth punt return for a touchdown in 32 games and the Chiefs' league-leading seventh since 2013.
After Caleb Sturgis' 45-yard field goal got the Chargers on the board, Mahomes threw his first touchdown pass in the NFL, connecting with Hill for 58 yards . Hill caught the pass at the Chargers 47 and eluded a diving tackle by Jahleel Addae as he found a seam up the left sideline.
Mahomes said it was originally supposed to be a run play with a pass option, but one of the linebackers bit on a run fake.
Hill's third touchdown came with 9:42 remaining on a 1-yard shovel pass from Mahomes, who became the third quarterback in Chiefs' history to throw four touchdowns in an opener.
Rivers' 424 yards are the most by a Chargers' quarterback in an opener, but two turnovers led Chiefs' touchdowns.
Los Angeles was within two points at halftime (14-12), but saw Kansas City score two touchdowns in the third quarter. The second one, which gave the Chiefs a 31-12 lead with 48 seconds remaining in the third, came after Rivers was picked off by Ron Parker at the Chiefs 14.
A 20-yard TD reception by Keenan Allen and 2-point conversion catch by Antonio Gates brought the Chargers within 11, but JJ Jones' fumble of a punt at the Chargers 2 and subsequent Hill touchdown made the deficit too much to overcome.
 said Rivers, who was 34 of 51 with three touchdowns and an interception.
Chargers: Travel to Buffalo next Sunday in the first of two straight road games. The Chargers have won three straight and five of the last six against Buffalo.
