Thanks in part to a nifty left-handed throw as he was about to get sacked by Von Miller at midfield on the game-winning drive, the right-handed Mahomes rallied the unbeaten Kansas City Chiefs past the Denver Broncos 27-23 on Monday night.
Down 23-13, Mahomes directed a 12-play, 75-yard drive that ate up more than six minutes and culminated with a 2-yard TD toss to tight end Travis Kelce.
After a three-and-out by Denver, Mahomes added a 60-yard touchdown drive, handing off to Kareem Hunt for the 4-yard score with 1:39 remaining.
On that last drive, Mahomes was getting dragged down by Miller on third-and-5 at midfield when he shifted the ball to his left hand and threw it to Tyreek Hill a yard past the first-down marker at the Broncos 49.
 Marshall said. "It's almost like we'd have him in our fingertips and he'd scramble away and throw for a first down.
In between Kansas City's scoring drives, the Broncos, who had run roughshod over the Chiefs all night -- a 7.2-yard average per run -- suddenly abandoned their ground game in favor of three-wide receiver sets that resulted in a quick three-and-out that sent Denver's exhausted defenders right back out.
After the three-and-out, struggling Broncos punter Marquette King shanked a 35-yarder out of bounds, giving the Chiefs the ball at their 40 with 4:35 left.
Phillip Lindsay ran 16 times for 69 yards and a TD and Royce Freeman ran eight times for 67 yards and a TD.
Freeman took a toss from Case Keenum and slipped seven tackles on his way to a 14-yard touchdown in which he dragged linebacker Anthony Hitchens across the goal line in the first half.
Mahomes overcame a couple of flags that put Kansas City in a second-and-30 hole from their 31 and completed consecutive passes covering 23 and 35 yard to reach the Broncos' 11 at the 2-minute warning.
The officials had another blunder when Mahomes was about 1 1/2 yards past the line of scrimmage when he scrambled and hit Kelce for a 29-yard catch to the 3 early in the second half. Joseph appeared to be reaching for his red challenge flag but never threw it.
Denver's defense bailed out its coach by forcing the Chiefs to settle for a field goal.
Broncos: Right tackle Jared Veldheer left in the first quarter with a knee injury and was replaced by Billy Turner.
