Foles promptly recaptured the magic, passing for 270 yards and confidently leading the Eagles to a 30-23 win over the Rams on Sunday night with plenty of help from his defense and his playmakers.
Foles' encore might not end in the Super Bowl again. It might not even include the playoffs. But after guiding Philadelphia to another win with a grace and poise belying his inactivity, the Eagles are thrilled to have him back in the game.
 said Foles, who went 24 of 31 with one interception. 
Wendell Smallwood rushed for two touchdowns and rookie Josh Adams ran for another score as the Eagles (7-7) kept their playoff hopes quite viable with a gritty victory over the Rams (11-3), who lost consecutive regular-season games for the first time in coach Sean McVay's tenure.
Foles hadn't played since Week 2, but Wentz is out with a back injury that could sideline him for the rest of the season. Philadelphia coach Doug Pederson declined to say whether Foles would start next week against Houston, but Foles' teammates know what they've got after he slipped right back into his old role in a simplified offensive game plan.
The Eagles still trail NFC East leader Dallas (8-6) and sit even with Washington (7-7), so they will need help to get back into the postseason, most likely from Carolina and Minnesota stumbling down the stretch. But they'll get an enormous boost from becoming the first team to beat the Rams twice under McVay.
The Eagles scored 17 consecutive points in the third quarter and then survived the Rams' late rally. After Philadelphia's Jake Elliott missed a field goal with 1:08 left, Jared Goff got the Rams to the Philadelphia 18 with 4 seconds to play -- but he couldn't connect with Josh Reynolds on a pass to the goal line as time expired.
Goff passed for 339 yards with two interceptions in the Rams' first loss at the Coliseum in seven games this season.
Todd Gurley rushed for two touchdowns -- giving him an NFL-best 21 TDs this season -- while catching 10 passes for 76 yards. But the superstar running back also accepted the blame for failing to get out of bounds on a catch inside the final 20 seconds, depriving the Rams of likely two additional shots at the end zone.
The Rams already have won the NFC West title, and they still control their destiny for a first-round playoff bye with Chicago (10-4) right behind them. But Los Angeles also has produced three straight pedestrian performances since that epic 54-51 Monday night win over Kansas City last month and an ensuing bye week.
 said Goff, who hasn't thrown a TD pass since the first half at Detroit. 
Foles repeatedly connected with Alshon Jeffery, who had eight catches for 160 yards in the third-biggest game of his career. Zach Ertz had three receptions to become the fourth tight end in NFL history with 100 catches in a season.
Eagles: Host the Houston Texans on Sunday, Dec. 23. Houston can wrap up the AFC South with a victory.
