CINCINNATI --  An entire month had come and gone without even one win, leaving the Bengals in their deepest drought since 2010.
Mixon ran for 129 yards and a pair of touchdowns Sunday, and Cincinnati held on for a 30-16 victory over the Oakland Raiders that ended one of their longest losing streaks under coach Marvin Lewis, but couldn't prevent the Bengals from being eliminated from playoff contention for the third straight season.
Mixon's 15-yard touchdown with 4:04 left capped his second straight 100-yard game and clinched the Bengals' first win since October.
The Steelers' 17-10 win over the Patriots later Sunday ended the Bengals' minuscule chances of winning the AFC North.
In a few weeks, Cincinnati will be waiting to see whether Lewis is around for another year or whether the small crowds will prompt owner Mike Brown to make significant changes. The slump-busting win provided a temporary relief.
 said rookie defensive end Sam Hubbard, who had two sacks and forced a fumble. 
The Raiders (3-11) are already in next-year mode. They fired general manager Reggie McKenzie on Monday and had little on the line against the Bengals.
Oakland was trying to win two in a row for the first time this season, and Derek Carr was closing in on a club record for avoiding interceptions. Carr got his record, but the sloppy Raiders lost again with a nondescript performance.
The Raiders' offensive line has been depleted by injuries. They struggled to get anything going consistently, managing 297 total yards.
With Mixon the focal point, the Bengals put together their biggest first half since their previous victory, 37-34 over Tampa Bay on Oct. 28. Lewis went for it twice on fourth down and produced a pair of touchdown drives. Mixon surged into the end zone on fourth down from the 1-yard line for a 14-0 lead in the second quarter.
Jeff Driskel struggled in his third start replacing the injured Andy Dalton, repeatedly overthrowing receivers. He had a 7-yard touchdown to Tyler Boyd for Cincinnati's first score, but Driskel finished 14 of 33 for 130 yards with an interception.
Carr was 21 of 38 for 263 yards and a touchdown and no interceptions for the ninth straight game. With his 14th pass, Carr broke Rich Gannon's club record for the longest stretch without throwing an interception -- 277 in 2001. He was lucky to get that far: Bengals safety Shawn Williams dropped a ball thrown directly to him on Oakland's first possession.
Boyd reached 1,000 yards receiving for the first time in his career before hurting his right knee late in the first half. He didn't return. Afterward, he said the injury isn't serious. With A.J. Green out for the season with a toe injury, Boyd is the leading receiver with 1,028 yards on 76 catches.
Mixon's big game left him 5 yards shy of 1,000 for the first time in his two-year career.
In a play that symbolized the Raiders' day, Carr spiked the ball at midfield trying to stop the clock as the first half wound down, but took too long and there was no time left when the ball hit the ground.
