Wentz threw a touchdown pass on his first drive in nine months, Wendell Smallwood ran in from the 4 for the go-ahead score and the Philadelphia Eagles held on for a 20-16 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday.
Adam Vinatieri tied Morten Andersen's career record of 565 field goals by connecting on all three tries, but the Colts (1-2) couldn't take advantage of two turnovers by Wentz inside the 20 in the second half.
The defending Super Bowl champion Eagles (2-1) needed two defensive stops against Andrew Luck in the final 90 seconds.
Indy had a first down at the Eagles 11 and two cracks from the 4, but Luck's pass to T.Y. Hilton sailed over his shoulder in the left corner of the end zone on third down and Derek Barnett sacked Luck on fourth down.
The Colts got the ball again at their 11 with 39 seconds remaining but couldn't reach midfield. Jacoby Brissett threw a desperation pass on the final play that fell incomplete.
Wentz engineered the winning drive with precise passes and nifty moves. Wentz eluded a sack and threw a 10-yard pass to Nelson Agholor, who hurdled for a first down on third-and-9 to extend the drive at the Colts 26.
On a wet, soggy field, Wentz showed no effects of the injury at the start. He misfired on his first pass, then connected over the middle to Zach Ertz and kept going. Running a no-huddle offense, Wentz drove the Eagles 79 yards in 12 plays and capped it with a 13-yard TD pass to Dallas Goedert for a 7-0 lead.
Wentz was sacked five times, scrambled three times and dove for a first down on one of his runs.
First, he stared down Ertz and floated a pass that was picked by Anthony Walker and returned to the Eagles 16. But the Colts only managed a 31-yarder by Vinatieri that gave them a 13-10 lead.
After Jake Elliott answered with a 24-yarder on the following drive, Margus Hunt knocked the ball out of Wentz's hands and recovered the fumble at the Eagles 13. Philadelphia's defense again held and Vinatieri made a 28-yard field goal to give Indianapolis a 16-13 lead.
 Eagles coach Doug Pederson said of the turnovers. 
Luck threw a 5-yard TD pass to Ryan Grant to tie it 7-7 after Elliott missed a 55-yard field goal wide left.
Colts: Luck was 25 of 40 for 164 yards, one TD
Eagles: Wentz finished 25 of 37 for 255 yards, one TD and one pick.
Undrafted rookie Josh Adams, the fifth-leading rusher in Notre Dame history, had 30 yards rushing on six carries for the Eagles. He was promoted from the practice squad earlier in the week.
Wentz avoided a sack, ran toward the sideline and dove out of bounds for a first down on third-and-6 on the final drive of the first half. ... Luck outran Eagles defensive lineman Chris Long for a 33-yard gain in the second quarter.
Colts: RT Joe Haeg left with an ankle injury. ... LT Anthony Castonzo (hamstring) was out again and RB Marlon Mack (hamstring, foot) also sat.
