KANSAS CITY, Mo. --  The fourth-down play was designed to go left, yet there was Patrick Mahomes scrambling to his right with a phalanx of Ravens in pursuit, his eyes trained on Tyreek Hill deep downfield.
The Chiefs proceeded to score a tying touchdown on a pass to Damien Williams on another fourth-down play to force overtime. Then they watched as Harrison Butker booted a 36-yard field goal -- atoning for a miss as time expired -- and their maligned defense stuffed Baltimore to escape with a 27-24 victory Sunday.
 said Mahomes, who threw for 377 yards and two scores as the Chiefs clinched a playoff berth. 
The Ravens looked as if they might match Butker's field goal, marching across midfield in overtime, but Ronnie Stanley's holding penalty put them in a bind. Jackson was then sacked by Justin Houston and Dee Ford -- and left with an ankle injury -- before Robert Griffin III threw two incompletions to end it.
Tyreek Hill caught eight passes for 139 yards for Kansas City (11-2), including three in overtime to set up the eventual winning field goal. Travis Kelce had seven catches for 77 yards and another score, becoming the first tight end in league history with at least 80 receptions and 1,000 yards receiving in three consecutive seasons.
Jackson finished with 147 yards and two touchdowns for the Ravens, who had never lost in three trips to Arrowhead Stadium. Jackson also had 71 yards rushing in his fourth start in place of Joe Flacco .
 Ravens pass rusher Terrell Suggs said. 
The Ravens (7-6) took the lead with 4:04 to go when a long punt return gave them a short field, and Jackson threw a third-down touchdown pass to John Brown. But the NFL's top-ranked defense twice allowed the league's highest-scoring offense to convert on fourth down .
The first came on fourth-and-9 at the Chiefs 40, when Mahomes scrambled to his right and threw his absurd cross-body heave to a hobbled Hill for a 40-yard gain. The second came on fourth-and-3 at the Ravens 5, when Mahomes threw his dump-off to Williams for the tying touchdown.
As the Ravens tried to get into range for kicker Justin Tucker, Houston strip-sacked Jackson to give Kansas City the ball. Butker proceeded to miss his second field goal of the game to force overtime.
At other times, the Ravens got enough pressure on Mahomes to make him look like a rookie.
The Chiefs, whose own defense ranks near the bottom of the league, held their own much of the game. They allowed a 75-yard drive entirely on the ground in the first half, which Kenneth Dixon finished with a 3-yard run, but otherwise kept Jackson and Co. from making big plays.
Kansas City defensive lineman Chris Jones recorded a sack, giving him at least one in each of the Chiefs' past nine games -- the first player with a sack in at least nine consecutive games in a single season since the individual sack became an official statistic in 1982. He's also the sixth player since 1982 to record at least one sack in nine consecutive games at any point.
Mahomes joined Pro Football Hall of Famers Dan Marino (1984) and Kurt Warner (1999) as the only first- or second-year quarterbacks in league history with at least 4,000 yards passing and 40 touchdown passes in a single season.
