With a lot of help from running back Adrian Peterson, Johnson drove the Redskins (7-7) into field-goal range in the closing minutes and set up Dustin Hopkins' 36-yard field goal on the final play. Hopkins drilled it, ending Washington's four-game losing streak and keeping it on the fringe of the NFC playoff picture.
It was the first victory of Johnson's professional career -- he had been 0-5 as a starter -- and the first for the Redskins since quarterback Alex Smith broke his right leg last month.
The 32-year-old Johnson, the franchise's fourth starting quarterback in as many weeks, completed 16 of 25 passes for 151 yards and the score. He also ran for 49 yards.
His 6-yard touchdown pass to Jeremy Sprinkle with 5:47 remaining tied the game. The Redskins got the ball back with an interception on the ensuing possession, and Peterson carried five times for 28 yards and had a 7-yard reception to get the team close enough for Hopkins to win it.
Peterson finished with 51 on the ground, more than half of those coming on the winning drive.
Jacksonville managed 192 yards, another anemic performance under Marrone. The Jags now have double-digit losses for the seventh time in the last eight years.
Cody Kessler was 9 of 17 passing for 57 yards with an interception in his third start since replacing Blake Bortles. He has directed one touchdown drive in 31 possessions.
Kessler limped through the locker room with red marks and scratches on his back after being sacked six times behind a makeshift offensive line. He also was Jacksonville's leading rusher with 68 yards on the ground, 22 more than Leonard Fournette.
Jacksonville's lone highlight was Dede Westbrook returning a punt 74 yards for a touchdown late in the second quarter.
Smith sustained a spiral fracture to his right leg when he was sacked in a game against Houston on Nov. 18. He underwent surgery the following day to repair his fibula and tibia. Two media outlets reported that a leg infection complicated his recovery and required further procedures.
Redskins tight end Vernon Davis was evaluated for a head and neck injury and cleared to return, then left to be re-evaluated for a concussion in the fourth. ... Jaguars rookie safety Ronnie Harrison injured his left knee on Washington's first series, limped to the sideline and did not return. Jarrod Wilson replaced Harrison and had two pass breakups before leaving with a leg injury. ... Redskins offensive lineman Ty Nsekhe (knee), cornerback Joshua Holsey (knee) and cornerback Danny Johnson (finger).
