Murray helped the Vikings revive their running attack with a career-high 155 yards and a touchdown on 24 carries, wearing down the Cardinals on the way to a 27-17 win on Sunday.
Starting in place of Dalvin Cook (hamstring) for the third time in the past four games, Murray had 66 yards by halftime to top the team average over the first five games. The previous long gain by a Vikings running back was Cook's 15-yarder in the season opener, which Murray topped four times against a Cardinals defense that entered the game allowing the second-most rushing yards in the league.
 defensive tackle Corey Peters said. 
Even Kirk Cousins joined the fun for the Vikings (3-2-1) with an option-style run across the goal line in the third quarter, before throwing to Adam Thielen for a score on the following possession. The Vikings celebrated their touchdowns with a choreographed a clumsy  dance that Thielen recalled from college.
Thielen had 11 receptions for 123 yards, his sixth straight 100-yard game to become the first player in the NFL since 1961 to start a season with a streak that long. Thielen's 58 catches are the most in league history through six games.
Budda Baker returned a fumble off a sack by Chandler Jones for a 36-yard touchdown and Tre Boston had a diving interception later in the second quarter, and the Cardinals (1-5) constantly pressured Cousins with four sacks, seven hits and seven deflected passes. He leads league with five lost fumbles.
Cousins still managed to complete 24 of 34 attempts for 233 yards, thanks mostly to Thielen and his exceptional ability to get open anywhere on the field and turn off-target throws into clutch catches. He made a toe-dragging sideline grab on third-and-13 right at the first-down marker to extend the opening possession of the third quarter, before capping the drive in the end zone with a 13-yard reception on a seam route after leaving linebacker Josh Bynes in his wake with a stutter step.
The tone was set in the first quarter on Murray's 21-yard touchdown run , when he flattened Antoine Bethea with a stiff arm.
Coming off his first career NFL victory last week, Rosen went 21 for 31 for 240 yards. The Cardinals failed to move the chains on all 12 of their third or fourth down plays. That included a third-quarter interception by Anthony Harris and a fourth-and-goal stop of David Johnson by Xavier Rhodes at the 1 in the second quarter.
Larry Fitzgerald, the intended target when Harris jumped his route, had five catches for 39 yards in his hometown. The 15th-year veteran fell to 0-6 in career visits to Minnesota, where the Cardinals have lost 10 straight games since they were in St. Louis in 1977.
The Vikings missed injured left tackle Riley Reiff (foot), with Jones often overpowering Rashod Hill, who switched sides as rookie Brian O'Neill made his first start at right tackle. Jones had 1 1/2 sacks, and Benson Mayowa had two deflected passes from the other defensive end spot while rotating with Golden.
Johnson had a late touchdown run and 55 yards on 18 attempts, but he lost a fumble in the first quarter. ... Danielle Hunter had two of Minnesota's four sacks, giving him at least one in each of the first six games for the third-longest streak in team history.
Vikings: Play on the road against the New York Jets next Sunday.
