ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. --  After putting the Bills ahead with his arm, Josh Allen sealed Buffalo's 14-13 victory over the Detroit Lions with his leaping legs.
That's the way fullback Patrick DiMarco described Allen's 2-yard leap to convert a fourth-and-1 at the Lions 41 with 1:47 remaining.
Allen hit rookie Robert Foster in stride for a 42-yard go-ahead touchdown pass with 10:26 remaining, and the Bills hung on to eliminate the Lions from playoff contention.
The Lions (5-9) lost despite second-year receiver Kenny Golladay finishing with a career-best 146 yards receiving, and will finish with a losing record for the first time since going 7-9 in 2015.
Detroit opened the scoring on Stafford's 4-yard touchdown pass to Andy Jones, but botched the extra-point attempt on Don Muhlbach's bad snap.
Then, following Foster's touchdown, Stafford responded by marching the Lions 45 yards on the next possession only to have kicker Matt Prater miss a 48-yard field goal wide right.
Stafford wasn't the problem in continuing to build chemistry with Golladay on an offense missing leading rusher Kerryon Johnson (knee), and with veteran receiver Marvin Jones Jr. on injured reserve.
A week after managing just 101 yards passing -- the second-fewest in his career -- in a 17-3 win at Arizona, Stafford topped that number in the first half alone with 137 yards passing, including 115 to Golladay.
Allen showed he's capable of winning with his arm. He finished with just 16 yards rushing after becoming just the second quarterback in NFL history to top 95 yards rushing in three consecutive games.
Bills safety Micah Hyde made a point to head over to Allen's locker and tap him on the back following the game.
Foster, an undrafted rookie out of Alabama, has combined for 438 yards receiving and two touchdowns in his past five games since being activated from the practice squad.
He has topped 100 yards receiving in three of his past five games, including a 104-yard outing in a 27-23 loss to the Jets last weekend. He's Buffalo's first player to top 100 yards receiving in consecutive games since Sammy Watkins in Weeks 11 and 12 in 2015.
Golladay was falling backward to make a 33-yard catch even though White was flagged for pass interference to set up Detroit's first scoring drive, capped by Stafford's 4-yard pass to Jones.
Trailing 7-6, Stafford floated a pass up the right sideline which Golladay caught by outjumping White for a 40-yard completion. The Lions scored three plays later on Zach Zenner's 1-yard plunge.
A hip injury that bothered Bills kicker Stephen Hauschka came into play on Buffalo's first possession, and after Allen was sacked for a 9-yard loss on third-and-9 at Detroit's 29. Rather than have Hauschka attempt a 50-plus-yard field goal, the Bills punted. Hauschka was hurt when being blindsided by Jets defensive lineman Henry Anderson last week.
Lions: Close home schedule against Minnesota next Sunday.
