Darnold threw three interceptions and was sacked a career-high eight times in Jacksonville's 29-15 victory over the New York Jets on Sunday.
 said Jaguars defensive end Yannick Nkagoue, who notched two sacks. 
Darnold completed 21 of 30 passes for 218 yards with two touchdowns -- both to Ryan Griffin -- but the turnovers and takedowns overshadowed all the positives.
The Jaguars pressured him early and often, hitting him on nearly every passing play and sacking him twice as many times as any other team had during his two-year NFL career. He said afterward he sprained his left thumb.
Darnold's performance came six days after he was caught on camera saying he was  in a 33-0 loss to New England. Darnold wore a microphone for ESPN's broadcast of the Monday night game, and his comment went viral.
The Jets (1-6) managed 213 yards, with 93 of those coming on their opening drive.
Minshew completed 22 of 34 passes for 279 yards and three touchdowns, surely making the Jaguars think twice about giving the starting job back to Nick Foles.
The rookie also scrambled for 28 yards, including for three first downs. He has more mobility than Foles, who broke his collarbone in the season opener and could return from injured reserve in three weeks.
Minshew had scores to Keelan Cole, Chris Conley and Chark. The pass to Chark was his best of the day. He rolled right, pump-faked twice to move defenders and then hit Chark in the front corner of the end zone.
Jacksonville used two big plays to build an early lead. Leonard Fournette gained 66 yards on the second play of the game, setting up Cole's 6-yard score, and Minshew's TD pass to Conley covered 70 yards.
The Jaguars used two more -- on the other side of the ball -- to close out their second straight win. A.J. Bouye and Tre Herndon picked off passes in the fourth.
Jaguars: Travel to London for a  game against AFC South rival Houston, which beat Jacksonville 13-12 in Week 2. It's the Jags' seventh consecutive year playing at Wembley Stadium.
