The Texans forced five turnovers and Bradley Robby returned one of the four interceptions of Jameis Winston 27 yards for an early touchdown -- the sixth pick-6 the Bucs quarterback has thrown this season.
Jahleel Addae's interception with 1:27 remaining, ended any realistic chance the Bucs had of fully overcoming Winston's mistakes.
The Texans (10-5) won despite not getting an especially sharp performance from Watson, who completed 19 of 32 passes for 184 yards and one interception. The Bucs (7-8) sacked him five times and held Houston to one offensive TD on Carlos Hyde's 1-yard run in the second quarter.
The Texans ended Tampa Bay's four-game winning streak and are AFC South champs for the second straight year. They join the Patriots and Chiefs as the only teams with four division titles since 2015.
A week after becoming the first player in NFL history to throw for more than 450 yards in consecutive games, Winston was 25 of 48 for 335 yards and one touchdown. He tossed an interception on Tampa Bay's opening drive for the fifth time in seven games, and nearly watched Houston go up 14-0 when Justin Reid intercepted him on the Bucs' next possession.
Instead, the Texans settled for a field goal after a penalty for a blindside block negated what also would have been a 27-yard return for a TD. Hyde's TD, set up by Peyton Barber's fumble, put the Texans up 17-3.
 Winston said of his 11th career game with at least three interceptions, the most in the NFL since he entered the league as the No. 1 overall pick in the 2015 draft. 
A resilient Winston, playing with an injury-depleted group of receivers, rallied the Bucs with a pair of touchdowns in the last two minutes of the opening half to make it 17-17 on his 8-yard scoring throw to Justin Watson.
The teams traded third-quarter field goals, setting the stage for Watson to complete his longest throw of the day -- 39 yards to DeAndre Carter -- to move the Texans into position for Kai'imi Fairburn to put them ahead for good with a 37-yard field goal midway through the fourth quarter.
The Bucs out-gained the Texans 435 yards to 229, including a 106-68 edge on the ground. Nevertheless, Tampa Bay did not dominate time of possession. The Bucs finished with 30 minutes, 28 seconds. Houston had the ball for 29:32.
Tampa Bay had five sacks, none by NFL sack leader Shaquil Barrett, who remained tied with Hall of Famer Warren Sapp for the Bucs' single-season record of 16 1/2. Linebacker Jason Pierre-Paul finished with 3, giving him 6 1/2 this season.
Texans: Hyde (ankle) and wide receiver Will Fuller (hamstring) were active after being listed as questionable on the injury report. Fuller left in the second quarter with a groin injury and did not return, finishing with two catches for 11 yards.
Buccaneers: In addition to playing without Chris Godwin (hamstring), Winston was without wide receivers Mike Evans and Scotty Miller, who were placed on injured reserve earlier in the week.
Buccaneers: Close season at home against NFC South rival Atlanta on Sunday.
