Jared Goff threw for two touchdowns and ran for another, and the Rams returned to the site of last season's Super Bowl loss to beat the reeling Falcons 37-10 on Sunday.
With Ramsey's addition to the secondary, the Los Angeles defense enjoyed a productive day with five sacks, an interception and a fumble return for a touchdown.
 said linebacker Dante Fowler, who had three sacks and a forced fumble.
Coach Sean McVay was impressed by Ramsey's ability to prepare for the game following Tuesday's trade from Jacksonville.
The Falcons (1-6) suffered their fifth straight loss.
Ryan's right leg bent awkwardly as he was sacked by Aaron Donald in the fourth quarter, causing a fumble that Donald recovered.
Donald was credited with a sack, forced fumble and recovery on the play. It was the Rams' fifth sack of Ryan, matching the five sacks by Atlanta's defense this season -- none in the last four games.
Matt Schaub replaced Ryan and threw a 10-yard touchdown pass to Austin Hooper with 2:36 remaining.
The final insult for Atlanta came with only 11 seconds left, when Kenjon Barner fumbled a punt return when hit by Troy Reeder and Darious Williams recovered in the end zone for a touchdown.
Quinn, who took on the added role of defensive coordinator following a 7-9 finish in 2018, revealed after the game that he began assigning some defensive play-calling duties to assistants in last week's loss at Arizona and continued to share that role on Sunday.
Atlanta's frustrations showed in a third-quarter fight between running back Devonta Freeman and Donald that led to Freeman's ejection. The two locked up after Ryan's pass off Mohamed Sanu's hands was intercepted by Cory Littleton deep in Atlanta territory with the Rams leading 20-3.
Freeman had his hands on Donald's facemask before throwing a punch at the much bigger defensive tackle, which appeared to make little if any contact. Umpire Terry Killens finally pulled Freeman away from Donald, taking Freeman to the ground in an apparent unintentional body slam before quickly helping Freeman to his feet.
Each player drew unnecessary roughness penalties, and Freeman was tossed for throwing the punch.
The turnover left the Rams at the Atlanta 16 for a short drive capped by Goff's 1-yard scoring run.
Goff completed 22 of 37 passes for 268 yards and two touchdowns. Blake Bortles took over on the Rams' final possession.
Atlanta's offense struggled even before Freeman's exit and Ryan's injury. The Falcons were limited to 224 yards.
As expected, Ramsey shadowed Falcons standout Julio Jones much of the game. Jones had six catches for 93 yards in his first matchup with Ramsey.
Goff threw a perfectly placed 13-yard touchdown pass to Todd Gurley early in the second quarter. He added an 8-yard scoring pass to Gerald Everett in the third quarter.
Smith was carted off the field late in the first quarter with head and neck injuries following a helmet-to-helmet hit from Rams linebacker Cory Littleton. There was no flag. Smith did not return.
The new mix held up well. Ryan completed 16 of 27 passes for only 159 yards with an interception.
The Rams will remain in Atlanta to practice at Georgia Tech for a few days before flying to London for next Sunday's game against Cincinnati.
