CHARLOTTE, N.C. --  As Christian McCaffrey raced 58 yards to the end zone for his third touchdown of the game, chants of  echoed throughout Bank of America Stadium.
McCaffrey turned in yet another spectacular stat line Sunday, amassing 166 yards from scrimmage and averaging 6.1 yards per carry to help Carolina beat Tennessee 30-20 and end the Titans' two-game win streak.
Halfway through the season, the third-year running back leads the NFL with 1,244 yards from scrimmage and 13 touchdowns and has put himself firmly in the hunt for the league's top individual honor.
McCaffrey might have been even more productive had he not left the game midway through the fourth quarter after hitting his head on the ground at the end of that 58-yard run when he was tackled crossing the goal line. He was evaluated for a concussion and was cleared to return to the game but did not.
The victory was a big one for the Panthers (5-3), who were looking to erase the memory of a 51-13 loss to the San Francisco 49ers last week. A year ago, the Panthers suffered a 52-21 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers and went on to lose seven straight games, knocking them out of playoff contention.
Rivera was determined not to let that happen again this year and talked all week about doing it with 
Rivera lived up to his own words, twice showing confidence in his players to make plays in crucial situations.
He went for it on fourth-and-2 early in the game, a gamble that resulted in a 7-yard touchdown pass from Allen to a wide-open McCaffrey, who had released out of the backfield and into the flat uncovered.
Colin Jones, who plays safety and on special teams, took a direct snap from long snapper J.J. Jansen and plowed ahead for a first down.
The call came at a pivotal time as the Titans had just drove 67 yards for a touchdown to cut Carolina's lead to 17-7 and stopped the Panthers on three plays to open the second half. But Jones' first down ignited the Carolina sideline, and the Panthers would cap the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run by McCaffrey.
Henry finished with 99 total yards and two touchdowns for the Titans (4-5) and averaged 4.8 yards per carry.
But the Titans could never overcome the 17-point halftime deficit and were eventually thrust into full passing mode.
Allen, who threw three interceptions in last week's loss to the 49ers, threw for 232 yards and two scores to improve to 5-1 this season as Carolina's starting QB and won the duel of backup quarterbacks.
Titans QB Ryan Tannehill threw two interceptions and was sacked four times.
The Titans added kicker Ryan Succop to the roster this week and he missed all three field-goal attempts of 43, 56 and 44 yards.
Titans: Titans CB Malcolm Butler injured his left wrist late in the first half after Curtis Samuel landed on his arm after making a touchdown catch. He did not return to the game and Vrabel did not have an update on the injury after the game.
