LANDOVER, Md. --  Nick Bosa sacked Case Keenum to run out the clock, belly flopped onto the field and rode it like a Slip 'N Slide.
Bosa and the San Francisco 49ers Slip 'N Slided their way to an ugly 9-0 win at the Washington Redskins in steady rain and driving wind Sunday to remain undefeated. It wasn't pretty, but San Francisco is 6-0 for the third time in franchise history, and first since 1990.
Shanahan's bunch didn't look like an unbeaten powerhouse in horrific conditions that made life difficult on quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo and the entire offense. Garoppolo bounced back from a dreadful first half to finish a passable 12 of 21 for 151 yards passing.
Robbie Gould made field goals from 28, 22 and 29 yards to provide the only offense of the game.
San Francisco's defense continued its dominant run after holding the Los Angeles Rams to seven points last week and the Cleveland Browns to three before that. The Niners are the first team since 2005 and sixth since 1990 to limit an opponent to seven or fewer points and fewer than 200 net yards of offense in three consecutive games.
After the team's first shutout since Week 1 of the 2016 season -- forcing Adrian Peterson to fumble in the third quarter -- defensive lineman DeForest Buckner was upset the defense only got one turnover.
The weather seemed a perfect fit for interim Redskins coach Bill Callahan's run-first, run-second and run-third mentality. Washington (1-6) started the game with 10 rushing plays and Peterson ran for 81 yards on 20 carries, but they were shut out for the first time this season.
Linebacker Kwon Alexander, who forced Peterson's fumble, said, 
Washington took the opening drive and chewed up more than eight minutes on nine rushes and just one pass, but came up empty when Dustin Hopkins missed wide right from 39 yards. Peterson gained 57 yards on the ground for Washington but just 8 after the first drive.
Gould missed from 45 yards in the second quarter. For the half, the 49ers totaled 68 yards as Garoppolo finished 3 of 10 with 10 yards passing and were shut out in the game's first 30 minutes for the first time this year.
49ers: RB Matt Breida cleared concussion protocol and returned after being evaluated for an eye injury. ... WR Marquise Goodwin was evaluated for a concussion in the first half but was held out. ... Starting offensive tackles Joe Staley (leg) and Mike McGlinchey (knee) remained out.
