Backup Matt Moore threw a 57-yard touchdown pass to Tyreek Hill and the Chiefs (5-2) collected nine sacks, gave up a season-low 71 yards rushing and beat the Broncos (2-5) for the eighth straight time.
His balky left ankle heavily taped, Mahomes completed 10 of 11 passes for 76 yards and a touchdown, before getting injured on a successful sneak on fourth-and-inches at the Denver 5 early in the second quarter.
Before he got hurt, Mahomes became the fastest player in NFL history to throw for 7,500 yards, in just his 25th game.
Mahomes, who has 15 TDs and one interception this season, didn't speak with reporters after the game but he did lead the team's  in the winning locker room, praising Moore, who completed 10 of 19 passes for 117 yards, and the defense.
The Broncos had won two straight and were aiming to turn the AFC West upside down by handling the Chiefs their third straight loss. But the Chiefs, who were 24th in the league with just 11 sacks coming in, sacked Flacco a career-high eight times and held Denver's running back duo in check after allowing an average of 190 over their previous four games.
When Flacco did stay upright to deliver deep passes, they fell incomplete. Rookie tight end Noah Fant dropped three passes that would have totaled more than 100 yards, and Denver converted just one of 13 third downs.
Flacco, who was sacked five times and knocked down eight more times in 15 first-half drop-backs, was sack-stripped by linebacker Anthony Hutchins on the next series and linebacker Reggie Ragland scooped up the loose ball at the 5 and rumbled into the end zone for a 20-6 halftime lead.
The Chiefs even sacked punter Colby Wadman, who had nowhere to throw the ball on a failed fake punt that gave Kansas City the ball at the Broncos 38 on the drive that ended with Mahomes' injury.
Other special teams follies included missing a 45-yard field goal, allowing a 37-yard punt return and failing to punch it in from a yard out on a 2-point conversion.
The Broncos went ahead 7-0 when Royce Freeman took it in from a yard out. But Vic Fangio decided to take the extra point off the board and go for 2 when Alex Okafor was whistled for encroachment on the PAT.
Instead of handing the ball off to Freeman again, Fangio had Phillip Lindsay, who's about 50 pounds lighter, pound the ball up the middle and he was stuffed, leaving the Chiefs celebrating.
Mahomes put Kansas City ahead on his first drive, somehow escaping Miller to fire a pass that safety Will Parks tipped but which Mecole Hardman reigned in anyway for a 21-yard score .
