MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. --  Philip Rivers' 120th regular-season victory was his first in Miami.
The 37-year-old quarterback hadn't been born yet the last time the Chargers won a road game versus the Dolphins, which made Sunday's 30-10 victory especially sweet, even if it came against a team off to a historically bad start.
Rivers compounded Miami's misery by throwing for 310 yards and two scores. He completed 24 of 30 attempts with no interceptions and directed a 10 1/2-minute drive in the third quarter that helped Los Angeles take control.
The Chargers (2-2) had lost eight games in a row in Miami. Their last victory came in an overtime playoff thriller in January 1982 that's regarded as one of the greatest games in NFL history.
Austin Ekeler scored one touchdown receiving and another rushing. Chargers running back Melvin Gordon was active after reporting this week and ending his holdout, but he didn't play.
With Los Angeles kicker Michael Badgley sidelined by a groin injury, punter Ty Long handled place-kicking duties and made fields of 44, 45 and 51 yards. But the list of injuries grew longer for the hobbled Chargers.
Miami's Josh Rosen threw for 180 yards and a touchdown, but had an interception and was sacked four times. Desmond King led Los Angeles' defensive charge with 2 1/2 sacks, a tackle for a loss and two quarterback hits.
Los Angeles started slowly -- not surprising for a team that traveled 2,500 miles to kick off at 10 a.m. California time. Rosen threw a 34-yard touchdown pass to DeVante Parker to give the Dolphins their second touchdown and first lead of the season, 7-3.
Los Angeles quickly answered with a 75-yard scoring drive. Ekeler turned a short reception into an 18-yard touchdown in the final minute of the first half to put the Chargers ahead to stay.
They chewed up most of the third quarter with a drive that produced a field goal for a 20-10 lead.
Chargers center Mike Pouncey played against his former team for the first time. He spent his first seven NFL seasons with the Dolphins before they released him in March 2018, and said he's sorry to see them go through the pains of rebuilding.
Chargers: They play host to Denver on Oct. 6. The Chargers had a six-game winning streak snapped last year when they lost at home to the Broncos 23-22 on a last-second field goal.
