Prescott took advantage of a comfortable pocket as he threw for 444 yards and three touchdowns, lifting the Cowboys to a 35-27 win over the Detroit Lions on Sunday.
The Cowboys (6-4) have won three of four games at least in part because Prescott has been tough to stop, with 10 TD passes and three interceptions during the successful stretch.
Dallas has had balance with the ball, but Prescott was passing with such ease that it wasn’t necessary to try to move the ball much on the ground in the Motor City.
Stafford’s backup, Jeff Driskel, played well enough to give his team a shot to compete. He threw a 25-yard yard TD pass to Marvin Jones with 5:49 left to pull Detroit within eight points before a 2-point conversion failed.
From the Cowboys 13 on second down on the ensuing drive, Prescott sealed the victory with a 23-yard pass to Blake Jarwin.
The two-time Pro Bowler completed 29 of 46 passes. He threw a 21-yard TD pass to Tony Pollard early in the second quarter and a 19-yard pass to Randall Cobb with 27 seconds left in the quarter, giving him a career-high 274 yards passing in a first half.
Prescott threw a pass slightly wide to Ezekiel Elliott midway through the fourth quarter and the running back made the catch, kept his balance and scored from 17 yards out.
Michael Gallup had nine catches for 148 yards, and Cobb made four receptions for 115 yards to help the team compile 509 yards of offense.
Driskel was 15 of 26 for 209 with two TDs passing and a rushing score on one of his eight carries for 51 yards.
Detroit running back Bo Scarbrough ran for a 5-yard TD early in the game after Elliott fumbled.
Scarbrough insisted it didn’t give him added satisfaction to score against the team that drafted the former Alabama player last year and released him.
Scarbrough, promoted to the active roster from Detroit’s practice squad on Saturday, started the game and finished with 14 carries for 55 yards.
The Cowboys had a pair of running backs -- Elliott and Pollard -- catch TD passes for the first time in a game since 2001.
