Rodgers threw four touchdown passes in the snow and the Packers (9-3) rebounded from an embarrassing 29-point loss to San Francisco and beat the New York Giants 31-13 Sunday.
 said Rodgers, who was 21 of 33 for 243 yards and no interceptions on a slippery, snowy day at MetLife Stadium. 
Rodgers hit Davante Adams on touchdown passes of 8 and 17 yards, found a wide-open Allen Lazard for 37 yards and capped the performance with a 1-yarder to Marcedes Lewis. The Packers also intercepted rookie Daniel Jones three times, with the picks setting up 10 points.
The loss sent the Giants (2-10) to their eighth straight loss, their worst skid since 2004.
 said Jones, who was 20 of 37 for 240 yards, including an 18-yard touchdown pass to Sterling Shepard. 
Aldrick Rosas added field goals of 27 and 45 yards for New York, which has a 7-21 mark since Pat Shurmur took over last season.
A light snow started falling before game time and it quickly covered the field, forcing work crews to shovel the yardage lines during breaks. It also made it look like Wisconsin, and the Packers had no problem in beating New York for the third straight time.
The last time was in the NFC wild-card game in January 2017. Rodgers also threw four touchdown passes in that one, a game that started New York on a three-year run that has seen it win 10 games and change coaches and general managers.
The Packers scored the first three times they had the ball, with the first two drives ending on touchdown passes by Rodgers. The first covered 8 yards to Adams and the second was the strike to Lazard on a crossing pattern.
In between the scores, Jones had an 18-yard touchdown pass to Shepard, who recently missed five games with his second concussion of the season.
Kevin King, beaten on the Shepard catch, got revenge quickly, intercepting Jones' pass at the Green Bay 36. It set up a 47-yard field goal by Mason Crosby and pushed the lead to 17-7 early in the second quarter.
On the ensuing possession, the Giants had the ball for 9:31 before settling for a 27-yard field goal by Rosas. He would add a 45-yarder midway through the third quarter to cut the deficit to four points.
Rodgers responded, leading the Packers on a 14-play, 75-yard march. It ended with him taking a quick snap with the Giants having too many defenders on the field and finding Adams in the end zone for a 24-13 lead.
New York never got close again.
Packers linebacker Za'Darius Smith was in Jones' face most of the game. He had five of the seven quarterback hits on the rookie. He also added four tackles. Blake Martinez led the team with 10.
