Despite losing star receiver Tyreek Hill early, Mahomes threw for 378 yards and three touchdowns while leading the Chiefs to a testy and tactful 40-26 victory over the injury-riddled Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday.
Jacksonville had major issues on both sides of the ball, none more concerning than the health of quarterback Nick Foles. Foles broke his left clavicle in the first quarter and will have surgery Monday. Chris Jones hit Foles as he released a 35-yard TD pass to DJ Chark. Jones landed on top of Foles, but did not draw a flag.
Foles is expected to be put on injured reserve and won't be eligible to play again until Week 11.
The injury leaves rookie Gardner Minshew in line to start a significant chunk of Jacksonville's season. Minshew was one of the team's few bright spots. He completed 22 of 25 passes for 275 yards, with two touchdowns and an interception.
Chark caught four passes for 146 yards, and Chris Conley added six receptions for 97 yards and a score against his former team.
Mahomes completed passes to nine receivers. Watkins had most of the highlights.
Watkins had nine receptions for a career-high 198 yards and three TDs. He slipped through the middle of Jacksonville's defense for a 68-yard score on the third play of the season and added a 49-yard TD reception late in the opening quarter. He made defenders Ronnie Harrison, Jalen Ramsey and Miles Jack look silly while strolling into the end zone twice. He beat Ramsey again for a short TD in the fourth quarter.
Mahomes took a beating even though he wasn't sacked and even had to leave the game to get his left ankle taped in the second quarter.
It barely slowed him and the Chiefs down; they scored on their first seven possessions.
McCoy carried 10 times for 81 yards despite barely knowing the offense.
Jaguars linebacker Jack was ejected in the second quarter after taking a swing at Chiefs receiver Demarcus Robinson. Jack had to be restrained by team officials and essentially pulled off the field.
Jack and Watkins got into a shoving match after a fumble, and then Robinson came in and shoved Jack in the back. Ramsey and others joined in, prompting officials to throw five flags and a hat onto the ground. Jack eventually got the boot after a lengthy discussion.
Frank Clark, who recorded 35 sacks the last four years with Seattle, made his Chiefs debut and had an interception off a tipped pass. Clark signed a five-year, $104 million deal to join Kansas City in free agency.
Jacksonville's Leonard Fournette gained 66 yards on 13 carries and fumbled for the first time in his three NFL seasons. Damien Wilson stripped the ball out of Fournette's hands after a catch in the flat.
It was Fournette's first lost fumble since Nov. 12, 2016, during his junior year at LSU.
