Now, he's winning over Bears fans and teammates who suffered through the double-doink miss by Cody Parkey that sent them home from the playoffs.
Pineiro kicked a 53-yard field goal as time expired, giving the Bears a wild 16-14 win Sunday over the Broncos and their former defensive coordinator Vic Fangio, whose gutsy 2-point call 31 seconds earlier had given Denver the lead.
The Broncos, who are off to their first 0-2 start since 1999, thought they'd survived and that time had expired when cornerback Chris Harris Jr. tackled Allen Robinson after he hauled in a 25-yard pass on fourth-and-15 from Trubisky at the Denver 35.
The clock showed all zeroes and both teams milled around on the field not knowing whether to celebrate a win or lament a loss. Then referee Adrian Hill announced there was 1 second remaining and Chicago was using its last timeout.
Pineiro's third field goal, a day after his 24th birthday, sent the Bears (1-1) streaming back onto the field in celebration of a victory that seemed so unlikely after they'd surrendered the lead moments earlier.
In a whipsaw of emotion, cornerback Kyle Fuller, whose goal-line interception with five minutes left seemingly sealed Chicago's win, surrendered a 7-yard tiptoe TD to Emmanuel Sanders . Sanders barely got both feet toes down in the right corner of the end zone.
That made it 13-12, and the Broncos lined up for 2. A delay pushed them back 5 yards and Fangio sent Brandon McManus out instead for the extra point from the 20-yard line and the tie. But McManus was wide right and the Bears went wild.
Buster Skrine was offside and the Broncos moved up to the 1. Out came their offense again, and with an empty backfield, Joe Flacco backpedaled and hit Sanders at the goal line in front of Fuller to give Denver a 14-13 lead.
For the second straight game, the Broncos failed to get a sack, but linebacker Bradley Chubb came close, hitting Trubisky just as he got off a throw to tight end Trey Burton for 10 yards. A debatable roughing call on Chubb tacked on 15 yards and the Bears were suddenly in business at the Broncos 45.
Three incompletions were followed by a 12-men-in-the-huddle infraction, however, and the Bears were facing fourth-and-15 from their 40 with 9 seconds remaining.
Trubisky stepped up and found Robinson over the middle in the nick of time. Harris' tackle came 1 second too early for the Broncos, who saw their 13 home game September winning streak snapped.
 said Von Miller, who remains stuck on 98 career sacks.
Chicago finally reached the end zone -- by the nose of the football -- with 1:14 left in the third quarter when running back David Montgomery scored from a yard out on the Bears' sixth snap from inside the 5 and fifth straight from the 1 or 2. That put them ahead 13-3.
 promised Broncos left tackle Garett Bolles , the team's top draft pick in 2017, who was whistled for holding a career-worst four times.
Bears linebacker Danny Trevathan, who won a Super Bowl ring in Denver, had a dozen tackles in his homecoming.
