Mahomes loved the experience, but didn't love how his offense played. The Chiefs' defense picked it up time and again, culminating in the final pick that sent them all back home as winners.
Daniel Sorensen snared Philip Rivers' fourth interception at the goal line with 18 seconds to play, and the Chiefs stayed on top of the AFC West with a 24-17 victory over the Los Angeles Chargers.
Mahomes passed for 182 yards and hit Travis Kelce for his only touchdown, while LeSean McCoy and Darrel Williams rushed for touchdowns as the Chiefs (7-4) hung on to win the fourth regular-season NFL game played in Mexico despite being held to 310 yards of offense. They also survived a few problems with Azteca's grass field and a one-sided first half favoring the Chargers (4-7), who racked up 312 yards without a touchdown.
After throwing his second interception of the season in the first half, Mahomes led two sharp scoring drives in the third quarter with help from Kelce, who caught seven passes for 92 yards. Mahomes also led the Chiefs with 59 yards rushing while his defense -- which had only six interceptions all season coming into Mexico City -- held Los Angeles to eight points in the second half.
But the win still wasn't assured until Sorensen grabbed Rivers' underthrown pass to Austin Ekeler at the goal line to secure the Chiefs' 10th win over Los Angeles in 11 meetings.
Rivers passed for 353 yards during his first four-interception game since November 2016 for the Chargers, whose playoff hopes are nearly dead after five losses in seven games. Keenan Allen caught his first TD pass since Week 3 in the third quarter, but the Chargers had three inept drives in the scoreless fourth quarter.
On the Bolts' last gasp, Mike Williams made a spectacular 50-yard catch with 44 seconds to play. Los Angeles reached the Kansas City 14 before Rivers' final mistake.
Rivers, who turns 38 next month, has thrown seven interceptions in the Chargers' last two games, giving him 14 this season -- more than every quarterback in the NFL except Jameis Winston.
But the Chargers trailed 10-9 at halftime despite outgaining Kansas City 312-109 and making five drives into Chiefs territory. Rivers threw two interceptions and Michael Badgley missed a 40-yard field goal attempt while making three others, wasting a defensive effort that included Rayshawn Jenkins picking off Mahomes.
Tyrann Mathieu's 35-yard interception return set up McCoy's 6-yard TD run for the game's first touchdown in the second quarter. After Williams scored on the Chiefs' opening drive of the second half, Mahomes hit Kelce with a picture-perfect 23-yard TD throw on the next drive.
Rivers and Allen answered with a TD connection late in the third quarter and a 2-point conversion. The two-time Pro Bowl receiver improbably hadn't caught a TD pass since Week 3.
Chargers: LT Russell Okung missed his second straight game with a groin injury. ... Allen went down hard on the final play of a drive in the second quarter but returned.
