Vic Fangio bypassed a shot at a historic field goal with 1 second left in the first half because  When the Broncos got the ball back at their 28 with 9 seconds left and the game tied, he went for it.
Fangio recounted the discussion after Denver's stunning 23-20 win over the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday that included two field goals in the final 14 seconds.
Nope, it was defensive pass interference.
The Chargers (4-8) argued vehemently about the call that gave the Broncos (4-8) the ball at the Chargers 35-yard line with 3 seconds remaining, allowing Brandon McManus a shot at being the hero, if not historic.
His 53-yard field goal as time expired capped a furious final 14 seconds and gave the Broncos a sweep of their AFC West rivals.
Rookie quarterback Drew Lock's debut win for Denver included a pair of touchdown throws to Sutton but just 134 yards passing and it came a month after Brandon Allen beat Cleveland. It made the Broncos the first team in league history to have two quarterbacks start and win their NFL debuts in the same season.
Phillip Rivers drove the Chargers to the tying field goal, a 46-yarder by Michael Badgley with 14 seconds left and was prepared for overtime when Diontae Spencer returned the kickoff 26 yards to the Denver 28.
The Chargers continued jawing with both the Broncos and the officiating crew as the Broncos ran onto the field following McManus' winner.
Rivers overcame an early interception, his eighth in three games, and a 17-3 deficit with touchdown throws of 30 yards to Austin Ekeler and 36 yards to Keenan Allen. Rivers completed a 38-yard pass to Mike Williams on fourth-and-11 in the closing minutes to get the Chargers in range for the tying field goal.
Badgley missed a 55-yarder off the left upright with 9 minutes remaining after Derek Wolfe's second sack of Rivers -- his career-best seventh of the season -- pushed the Chargers back 5 yards
With a second left in the first half, McManus trotted out for an attempt at an NFL record 65-yard field goal with not a hint of wind. But he was summoned back to the sideline after the Chargers sent return man Desmond King II deep in case the kick was short. McManus was furious, ripping off his helmet and slamming it to the ground.
