CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- — While the Saints didn't get the first-round bye in the NFC playoffs they coveted, they proved again they can win big games without star players.
Drew Brees threw for 201 yards and three touchdowns, the Saints had five interceptions and New Orleans routed the Carolina Panthers 33-7 on Sunday without their top two running backs and fullback to wrap up the No. 2 seed in the NFC playoffs.
That meant converted wide receiver Ty Montgomery had to fill in for Alvin Kamara, who tied an NFL record with six TDs in Week 16 vs. the Vikings. He proved up to the task, rushing for 105 yards on 18 carries as the Saints became the first team to sweep the NFC South by going 6-0 since the division was formed in 2002.
 said Sanders, who had 63 yards receiving and a touchdown.
Carolina's Teddy Bridgewater was benched midway through the third quarter after throwing his second interception in the end zone into double coverage. The former Saints QB finished 13 of 23 for 176 yards and was replaced by P.J. Walker, who was intercepted three times.
The Panthers (5-11) were also without their top two running backs Christian McCaffrey and Mike Davis due to injury and managed just 74 yards rushing.
In the past, the Saints would have earned a first-round bye, but the NFL’s decision to add an extra playoff team in each conference this year means New Orleans will need an extra win to reach the Super Bowl.
Bridgewater finished the season with 15 touchdowns and 11 interceptions and went 4-11 as the team’s starter. He also ran for five TDs, but the Panthers struggled to make winning plays late in games all season with Bridgewater at the helm.
Sanders needed eight catches Sunday to reach an incentive clause in his contract and earn $500,000 for catching 60 passes this season. He caught nine passes.  Brees said.
Wide receiver Curtis Samuel, who is set to become an unrestricted free agent, turned in his second straight 100-yard receiving game with seven catches for 118 yards. Samuel was a fourth Carolina player to eclipse 1,000 yards from scrimmage, marking only the fifth time in the Super Bowl era a team has accomplished that statistical feat.
Panthers: McCaffrey missed his 13th game of the season due to injury. The Panthers also played without top pass rusher Brian Burns and LT Russell Okung.
