Carr sliced up the Denver defense for 341 yards and two touchdowns, Maxx Crosby collected three sacks and the Raiders started the post-Gruden era  by snapping a two-game skid and moving into a tie atop the AFC West.
The Raiders (4-2) gave longtime special teams coordinator Rich Bisaccia a win in his debut as interim head coach and offensive coordinator Greg Olson was masterful in his first play-calling duties for Las Vegas since Carr's rookie season in 2014.
 Broncos safety Justin Simmons said after Denver allowed seven pass plays of at least 25 yards.
Denver's deficient offense couldn't keep pace with the resilient Raiders. Teddy Bridgewater threw a season-high three interceptions and lost a fumble, negating his 334 yards passing and three TDs. He was hit 17 times and sacked five times.
The Broncos (3-3) lost their third consecutive game, but the other defeats came at the hands of Ravens and Steelers and their veteran head coaches John Harbaugh and Mike Tomlin.
Crosby was in on five sacks, one of which came just before halftime, right after the Raiders took a 17-7 lead on Carr's 31-yard touchdown toss to running back Kenyon Drake when linebacker Alexander Johnson never turned his head. Drake hauled in the pass and  tiptoed down the Raiders sideline, capping a five-play 82-yard drive that took all of 31 seconds.
Drake's 18-yard touchdown run made it 24-7 in the third quarter, essentially ending any doubt the Raiders weren't going to let Gruden's downfall take them down with him.
Las Vegas opened the scoring on a 48-yard pass from  Carr to Henry Ruggs III, who sped past cornerback Ronald Darby, playing for the first time since pulling a hamstring in the opener. The Raiders failed to score on their first possession in the previous 11 games for the longest active drought in the NFL.
The Broncos had gone even longer without scoring a TD on their first possession, the last one coming on Dec. 8, 2019, against Houston. They ended their 24-game streak when Bridgewater found Tim Patrick on a 23-yard pass to tie it.
