Baker Mayfield and Jarvis Landry took advantage of their best game-day weather in a month and led the Browns to a 27-25 victory at Jacksonville on Sunday that kept them squarely in the AFC playoff picture.
It's something the Jaguars (1-10) haven't done enough in recent years, and owner Shad Khan fired general manager Dave Caldwell following the team's 10th consecutive loss that set a single-season franchise record.
Mayfield threw for 258 yards and two touchdowns and could have had two more. Landry finished with eight receptions for 143 yards and his first score of the season. Nick Chubb chipped in 144 yards rushing and a touchdown. But the trio needed help down the stretch to dispatch of the surprisingly tenacious Jaguars.
Mayfield threw behind Kareem Hunt in the flat on a third-and-1 play late, and Hunt failed to pick up the first down on the ensuing down. Browns coach Kevin Stefanski probably should have kicked the field goal and gone up two scores.
Jacksonville had a chance to tie. James Robinson's 4-yard run made it 27-25. That's because Marrone took an extra point off the board in the third quarter and attempted a 2-point conversion following an offside penalty.
Mike Glennon, making his first start in more than three years, missed throws on both conversions.
The Browns improved to 8-3 for the first time since 1994, when they were 11-5 under Bill Belichick. It's their most wins in 13 years.
Mayfield and Landry gave the Browns some much-needed balance for the first time in weeks. Mayfield threw for 122, 132 and 204 yards the last three outings while dealing with howling wind, sideways hail and pouring rain in Cleveland.
Brownson made NFL history one day after Vanderbilt soccer player Sarah Fuller became the first woman to play in a Power Five conference football game. Fuller handled a squib kickoff in Vandy’s 41-0 loss at Missouri.
Browns: Safety Ronnie Harrison injured a shoulder on the opening play against his former team and was ruled out. The Jaguars traded Harrison to Cleveland days before the season opener.
Jaguars: Defensive tackle DaVon Hamilton was carted off the field in the final minute with a significant knee injury.
