Greg Zuerlein kicked a 46-yard field goal as time expired, and the Cowboys overcame four fumbles and a 20-point deficit in the first quarter to beat the Atlanta Falcons 40-39 on Sunday.
The Falcons were still up 15 in the fourth quarter before Dak Prescott became the first quarterback in NFL history to pass for more than 400 yards and rush for three touchdowns in the same game, the third TD getting Dallas (1-1) within two.
Zuerlein did not use a tee for his slow-rolling onside attempt, a rare tactic. But even more curious was Atlanta's players surrounding the ball when they could have recovered it. As soon as it crossed the 10-yard mark, C.J. Goodwin pounced -- and later emerged from the big pile with the ball and 1:48 on the clock.
Rookie receiver CeeDee Lamb's 24-yard catch got the Cowboys in field goal position, and they ran down the clock before  touched off a wild celebration for the players and the socially distanced 21,708 fans who booed Dallas off the field with Atlanta up 29-10 at halftime. The crowd was 27% of AT&amp;T Stadium's 80,000-seat capacity.
Instead of lamenting just his second 0-2 start -- his only one was his first season in Green Bay in 2006 -- McCarthy celebrated his debut on the Dallas sideline of the venue that hosted his Super Bowl win with the Packers a decade ago.
Matt Ryan threw four touchdown passes, two off the three lost fumbles from the Cowboys in the first quarter, which ended with Atlanta in front 20-0.
But the Falcons couldn't avoid their first 0-2 start in six seasons under coach Dan Quinn in a performance reminiscent of their blown 28-3 lead in a Super Bowl loss to New England in Houston to finish the 2016 season.
The successful onside kick for Dallas came after two failed fake punts and another gamble that didn't work when McCarthy went for the 2-point conversion before the final touchdown the Cowboys would have needed to get even.
Playing without both of his starting tackles, Prescott was 34 of 47 for 450 yards and a touchdown with one sack. It was his first game with multiple rushing TDs. The two-time Pro Bowler is the franchise leader for rushing scores from a QB.
Prescott's first two TDs got Dallas within five in the third quarter. Ryan responded by converting a third down with a 22-yard pass to Hayden Hurst, who had a 42-yard touchdown on another first-quarter blunder from Dallas, a blown coverage.
After a 19-yard completion to Julio Jones on fourth-and-2, Russell Gage scored on an 8-yard throw for a 36-24 lead. Ryan had 273 yards passing a week after getting 450, second-most of his career.
The Falcons pushed the lead to 39-24 on Younghoe Koo's fourth field goal with just under eight minutes left.
Dontari Poe was again the only Dallas player to kneel for the national anthem, a week after the defensive tackle became the first on owner Jerry Jones' team to kneel. Jones has been among the most outspoken against players kneeling to protest social injustice and police brutality.
A week after Atlanta had three 100-yard receivers in a game for the first time in franchise history, Dallas was the one with multiple 100-yard days. Lamb had six catches for 106 yards, and Amari Cooper had six for 100. Cooper's longest was a 58-yarder when he reached out with his right hand to stop the ball before gathering it in with both arms.
Calvin Ridley was the leader for the Falcons this week with 109 yards and two touchdowns. Gage had 46 yards and a score, while Jones was held to two catches for 24 yards.
