Gardner Minshew threw three touchdown passes, including a 22-yarder to Keelan Cole in the fourth quarter, and Jacksonville opened the season by stunning Indianapolis 27-20 and spoiling Philip Rivers' debut with the Colts.
Not bad for a team that was supposedly giving up on the season  before it even played a down.
Minshew gave the faithful plenty to celebrate. The second-year pro completed 19 of 20 passes for 173 yards and no turnovers. He connected with DJ Chark, rookie Laviska Shenault and Cole for scores -- and looked sharp all day. Minshew's only incompletion was a catchable ball early.
Undrafted rookie running back James Robinson accounted for 90 yards, including 62 on the ground. He also hurdled linebacker Anthony Walker after a reception.
First-round pick CJ Henderson had an interception. Fellow first-rounder K'Lavon Chaisson would have had one, too, but it was negated by a penalty away from the play. And Shenault, a second-round selection, proved to be a versatile threat capable of creating mismatches all over the field.
Henderson's pick turned the momentum in the second quarter. He also sealed the victory by getting a hand on a fourth-down pass intended for T.Y. Hilton in the waning seconds.
The Colts have themselves to blame other ways, too. Coach Frank Reich went for it on fourth down from the 3-yard line early and failed to get points.
Rookie kicker Rodrigo Blankenship hit the left upright from 30 yards out, another missed opportunity. And safety Kenny Moore aided Jacksonville's go-ahead scoring drive in the fourth with a horse-collar tackle that drew a 15-yard penalty.
Rivers completed 36 of 46 passes for 363 yards, with a touchdown and two interceptions. He entered the game with 20 TD passes and just one interception against Jacksonville since 2010.
Mack ran four times for 26 yards. Losing him would be a huge blow, although Indy drafted Wisconsin star Jonathan Taylor in the second round. Taylor gained 22 yards on nine carries. He also caught six passes for 67 yards.
Robinson made NFL history in his pro debut. Robinson's 62 yards broke the previous mark for undrafted rookie running backs in season openers.
Washington's Ralph Nelson held the previous high for rushing yards by an undrafted rookie in Week 1, gaining 44 yards against New Orleans on Sept. 21, 1975.
