Just like Manning was at this stage in 2012 after coming over from Indianapolis, Brady is still adjusting to his new surroundings and he finds fault more than fulfilment even in a resounding victory.
 Brady said after throwing for 297 yards and three TDs. 
Brady had some company in his success Sunday: Rob Gronkowski caught a half dozen passes and  Shaq Barrett  celebrated his homecoming with a pair of sacks, one for a safety.
With his first road win for the Bucs (2-1), Brady evened his career record against the Broncos at 9-9 with just his fifth win in a dozen trips to Denver.
Before Sunday, the Broncos were the only team in the NFL with a winning record against the six-time Super Bowl champion.
The Broncos (0-3) completed a second straight winless September under head coach Vic Fangio, who donned a face shield a la Andy Reid after getting fined $100,000 for failing to wear a face mask last week.
Barrett, who led the league last year with 19 1/2 sacks in his first season in Tampa, picked up his first sacks of this season in the city where he played from 2014-18 after starring at Colorado State.
Barrett's second sack of Jeff Driskel, who started in place of Drew Lock (shoulder), came in the end zone for a safety that pushed the Bucs' lead to 25-10.
Afterward, Barrett performed the signature sack dance of Bradley Chubb, a friendly jab at the 2018 first-round pick whose selection helped Barrett decide to leave Denver after that season.
Chris Godwin caught a 10-yard touchdown pass in his return from a concussion before leaving in the second half with a hamstring injury and Mike Evans had two 1-yard TD grabs as the Bucs took a 23-10 halftime lead.
And just days after insisting he was in Tampa to serve as  Gronkowski caught six passes for 48 yards after getting shut out last week and coming into the game with just two receptions for 11 yards.
He was glad to help Brady look good again, too.
Sam Martin was blocked on his first punt when rookie long snapper Jacob Bobenmoyer didn't rise out of his stance fast enough to block Patrick O'Connor, who swept past the snapper to block the pun t, then recovered the ball at the Broncos 10-yard line. Three plays later, Godwin reached over the goal line for Tampa Bay's first score.
Driskel fell to 1-8 as a starter. He hit Tim Patrick for a 7-yard score just before halftime but he was benched in the fourth quarter for Brett Rypien, who was called up from the practice squad Saturday.
Rypien completed his first eight passes for 53 yards before Mike Edwards stepped in front of Jerry Jeudy at the goal line for a one-handed interception on fourth-and-1 from the 13.
Rypien's uncle, Mark, played in Brady's first start back in 2001 against the Colts.
Fangio wasn't ready to declare his starting quarterback for Thursday night's game at the Meadowlands against the Jets. He could go back to Driskel, stick with Rypien or even turn to Blake Bortles, who joined the team Thursday.
Bucs' WR Godwin left with a hamstring injury in the second half and CB Sean Murphy-Bunting was ruled out with a groin/hamstring injury.
