Herbert and the Chargers excelled on third down to give Staley a victory in his first game running the sideline, beating Washington 20-16 Sunday in a sloppy Week 1 matchup full of turnovers and big penalties. Herbert threw for 337 yards and a touchdown, overcoming a fumble into the end zone and a red zone interception and leading an offense that went 14 of 19 on third down.
 said Herbert, who completed 31 of 47 passes and joined Kansas City’s Patrick Mahomes as the only players in league history with 4,500 yards passing in his first 16 career starts. 
Herbert led scoring drives of 75, 76 and 68 yards, and a go-ahead touchdown pass to Mike Williams made up for his mistakes on consecutive possessions. There was also the 6-plus-minute drive late in the fourth quarter that salted away the clock and ended with Herbert kneeling in the victory formation, a major improvement for L.A. after losing so many close games last season.
The teams combined for 14 penalties for 151 yards and three giveaways. Antonio Gibson's fumble inside the Washington 5-yard line set up the Chargers' shortest but most important scoring drive that ended with Herbert's TD pass to Williams.
Los Angeles also got a 3-yard TD run from Austin Ekeler, who rushed 15 times for 57 yards and showed he was good to go after being questionable with a left hamstring injury.
Staley became just the second Chargers coach to win his debut, an emotional victory that came on his late mother's birthday.
Fitzpatrick was replaced by popular backup Taylor Heinicke, whose name was chanted by fans still remembering his surprise playoff heroics in the wild-card round loss to eventual Super Bowl champion Tampa Bay.
Even though the FitzMagic never materialized, Heinicke had some of his own special moments, including a perfect pass to top receiver Terry McLaurin and a TD throw to tight end Logan Thomas. Heinicke was 11 of 15 for 122 yards and could be Washington's starter moving forward.
After not being targeted by Fitzpatrick, McLaurin made quite the splash early in the third quarter with a highlight-reel catch. Heinicke dropped the ball in perfectly for McLaurin along the sideline, and he came down with it for a 37-yard gain after it went through safety Derwin James' outstretched arms.
The next play was Heinicke's TD pass to Thomas.
Chargers kicker Tristan Vizcaino connected on field goals of 33 and 27 yards. Washington’s Dustin Hopkins was good from 30, 43 and 48 and missed from 51 yards.
The Chargers lost right tackle Bryan Bulaga to a back injury in the third quarter and safety Nasir Adderley to a shoulder injury early in the fourth. Staley said Bulaga just did not feel well enough to go back in and considers him day to day with a lower-back issue.
