ATLANTA -- — A last-minute interception by Foye Oluokun showed again the Atlanta Falcons are learning to win close games.
Matt Ryan threw a tie-breaking, 12-yard touchdown pass to Hayden Hurst early in the fourth quarter and the Falcons held on late to beat the Detroit Lions 20-16 on Sunday to preserve their slim playoff hopes.
 said Ryan of the Falcons (7-8), who have a chance for a winning season after finishing 4-12 last year. 
The Falcons improved to 7-2 in one-possession games, including four wins by no more than four points.
Oluokun's interception of Lions fill-in quarterback Tim Boyle's pass at the Atlanta 1 with 33 seconds remaining preserved the win. Boyle’s pass was intended for Kalif Raymond.
It was the first interception of the game for Boyle, who made his second career start as Jared Goff remained on the reserve/COVID-19 list. Boyle acknowledged he made the wrong read on Atlanta's defense.
Atlanta wide receiver Russell Gage's lost fumble with 2:18 remaining set up the Lions' last possession at the Atlanta 37. The fumble was forced by Jalen Reeves-Maybin and recovered by Dean Marlowe.
The Falcons began the day knowing they had to win their final three regular-season games to protect hopes of making the playoffs. Even that may not be enough.
Ryan's 19-yard pass to Kyle Pitts set up the go-ahead touchdown. Hurst beat linebacker Charles Harris, who spent the 2020 season with the Falcons, to snap a 13-13 tie.
The Lions answered with a 17-play drive that consumed 10 minutes, 26 seconds but stalled at the 5. Riley Patterson made a 26-yard field goal.
Without Goff, Detroit (2-12-1) couldn't maintain momentum gained by last week's surprising 30-12 win over Arizona. The Lions were called for six offside penalties.
Boyle completed 24 of 34 passes for 187 yards, including a 20-yard scoring pass to Amon-Ra St. Brown, and one interception.
Ryan completed 18 of 24 passes for 215 yards with one touchdown. Pitts caught six passes for 102 yards, including a 35-yard sideline catch  in the third quarter.
St. Brown had nine catches for 91 yards. He joined Calvin Johnson as the only Lions players with four consecutive games with eight or more catches.
The Falcons finally earned their first true home win after five losses at Mercedes-Benz Stadium. They were the designated home team for a 27-20 win in London over the New York Jets on Oct. 10.
Lions punter Jack Fox completed a 21-yard pass to KhaDarel Hodge on a fake punt in the second quarter, moving Detroit to the Atlanta 24. Three plays later, Boyle completed the 20-yard scoring pass to Amon-Ra St. Brown.
Fox has passed for 38 yards this season, the most for a Lions punter since Tom Skladany's 38 yards in 1980.
Atlanta's do-it-all running back Cordarrelle Patterson didn't make the Pro Bowl despite excelling as a runner, receiver and return specialist. His 1,421 combined yards entering the game ranked fifth in the NFL.
Patterson had seven carries for only 14 yards and lost one yard on his only catch.
