No matter what jams the Niners got into this season, they were resourceful enough to get their season back on a playoff path. And once again, their winning route went right over the Rams.
The 49ers clinched a postseason berth with a 27-24 overtime victory over the NFC West champion Rams on Sunday, thanks to Robbie Gould's 24-yard field goal with 2:45 left in overtime and a game-ending interception by rookie Ambry Thomas.
 said quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo, who passed for 316 yards. 
Jauan Jennings caught  a 14-yard touchdown pass from Garoppolo with 26 seconds left in regulation for the 49ers (10-7), who are playoff-bound for only the second time in eight years after beating the Rams for the sixth consecutive time.
San Francisco roared to a 7-2 finish to the regular season bookended by two wins over the Rams (12-5). LA won an anticlimactic division title anyway, thanks to Seattle’s simultaneous victory over Arizona.
Deebo Samuel rushed for a touchdown and threw a scoring pass to Jennings in regulation for the Niners, who made a deliberate 69-yard drive to open overtime. The Rams got the ball back, but Thomas made his first career interception on Matthew Stafford's long throw down the Rams' sideline.
San Francisco celebrated wildly on the field after extending its longest winning streak in this California rivalry since the 1990s. The Niners also won after falling behind by 17 points for the first time since the 2012 NFC championship game.
Cooper Kupp caught a go-ahead TD pass from Stafford with 2:26 to play for the Rams, whose five-game winning streak ended. The loss cost Los Angeles the No. 2 NFC seed and the strong chance to host at least two playoff games.
Stafford passed for 238 yards and three touchdowns while winning the first division title of his 13-year NFL career, but Los Angeles is headed into the postseason on a down note.
The Rams went ahead 24-17 on Kupp’s 4-yard TD catch, and the teams traded punts before Garoppolo led the Niners on an 88-yard drive in 61 seconds, capped by Jennings’ score over the middle. San Francisco won the toss and capitalized.
Garoppolo played solidly through an injured right thumb and improved to 6-0 in his career against Los Angeles, but Samuel made the most impressive throw of the day when he hit Jennings with a wobbly 24-yard TD pass over the baffled Rams defense for the tying score late in the third quarter.
Jalen Ramsey kept the Rams in the game with a diving interception of a tipped ball in the end zone with 7:42 to play when San Francisco was in range for a go-ahead field goal.
Kupp became the fourth player in NFL history to lead the league in receptions, yards receiving and TD catches this season after finishing with seven catches for 118 yards. He made two huge catches on the Rams' go-ahead drive, but didn't get another touch.
Cam Akers ran the ball five times and caught three passes in his season debut for Los Angeles. The second-year pro tore his Achilles tendon shortly before training camp, but made an exceptionally quick recovery.
McVay won his third division crown, but also lost when leading at halftime for the first time after a 45-0 start to his career with the Rams. Los Angeles’ winning streak with a halftime lead was the second-longest in NFL history, trailing only a 49-game run by Green Bay in the 1930s.
The 49ers played without star left tackle Trent Williams, who couldn't return from an elbow injury incurred last week. Backup guard Colton McKivitz filled in.
Safety Jordan Fuller, the Rams' leading tackler, injured his right foot early in the fourth quarter.
