Rookie Najee Harris ran for a career-best 122 yards and a touchdown for Pittsburgh (2-3) before a cramping issue in his calves forced him to stand on the sideline while a late rally by Denver fell short.
The Broncos (3-2) trailed by 18 in the fourth quarter before a pair of Teddy Bridgewater touchdown passes brought them within striking distance. Bridgewater's fourth-down heave to the end zone with 11 seconds left was intercepted by James Pierre, allowing the Steelers to exhale. For a minute anyway.
Asked if the victory will quiet withering criticism he's endured over the last month, Roethlisberger just smiled.
Not so much against the Broncos. The Steelers gave up one sack and kept Denver outside linebacker Von Miller in check while running the ball 35 times and passing just 25, the kind of ratio Roethlisberger is more than happy to live with.
Several times Roethlisberger lined up in the shotgun with the option to run or pass, saw coverage that indicated he should probably throw it and opted to hand it off to Harris anyway because the 22-year-old runner and the five linemen in front of him had it going.
Bridgewater completed 24 of 38 passes for 288 yards with a pair of scores: a 2-yard dart to Kendall Hinton and a 39-yard rainbow to Courtland Sutton with 5:46 to go that drew Denver within 24-19. Bridgwater then drove Denver to the Pittsburgh 3 in the final seconds before Pierre's first career interception ended the threat.
The loss made Denver’s perfect September look more like a mirage. The Broncos piled up wins against the Giants, Jaguars and Jets last month. Tested by Baltimore and Pittsburgh in back-to-back weeks, the Broncos came up short.
Three times the Broncos appeared to have their hands on an interception only to have the ball fall harmlessly to the turf. Running back Javonte Williams ripped off a 49-yard run in the second quarter only to spike the ball after getting tackled at the Pittsburgh 1. The act drew a delay-of-game penalty and the Broncos ended up with a field goal.
A pass-interference penalty on Kyle Fuller set up Harris' 1-yard dive, and a rare  penalty on a Pittsburgh field-goal attempt instead gave the Steelers a first down. Three plays later, Roethlisberger connected with Chase Claypool to give the Steelers 24-6 lead, just enough to give them a bit of peace following a tumultuous stretch.
Steelers: Wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster went to the hospital with a shoulder injury sustained while getting tackled following a 3-yard gain on an end-around in the second quarter. ... Inside linebacker Devin Bush left in the third quarter with an unspecified leg injury. ... Harris departed late with the cramping issue.
