Daniel Carlson's 48-yard field goal as time expired sent Las Vegas to a 16-14 win on Monday night over the COVID-19-depleted Cleveland Browns in a game pushed back two days by the NFL amid an uptick of virus cases across the league.
Then Carlson shrugged off being iced by the Browns  to boot his winner, keeping Las Vegas in the playoff mix. The Raiders had been upset with the league's decision to delay the game from Saturday until Monday, with owner Mark Davis saying the delay was a  for his his team.
The loss was devastating for the Browns (7-7), who would have vaulted into first place in the AFC North with a win. Instead, they fell into last place in the tightly packed division with three games remaining.
Due to a virus outbreak, the Browns were without quarterback Baker Mayfield, coach Kevin Stefanski and several other prominent players, including top receiver Jarvis Landry and edge rusher Jadeveon Clowney.
Cleveland third-string quarterback Nick Mullens had brought the Browns back from a 10-0 deficit in the third quarter and given them a 14-13 lead by throwing a 6-yard touchdown pass on fourth down to Harrison Bryant with 3:45 left.
And after Greedy Williams intercepted Carr, it appeared the Browns were on their way to taking their roller-coaster season to new heights. But Cleveland couldn't come up with a first down and gave the ball back to Carr with 1:50 left.
He then led a 51-yard drive, completing two long passes to Zay Jones to set up Carlson's kick that kicked new life into a team that has dealt with adversity and drama all season, including the resignation of coach Jon Gruden in October.
 said acting Browns coach Mike Priefer. “That’s the most I’ve seen it in that kind of pain. You’re upset when you lose. Obviously you’re joyous when you win. But when you lose that type of game, that was tough.
Nick Chubb's 4-yard TD run came shortly after the Browns got a turnover they desperately needed. They jarred the ball loose from Carr, who fumbled near midfield and appeared to injure his leg while being taken down by Sheldon Day and others.
Carr was checked by trainers before limping to the sideline. He came back for the Raiders' next possession and finished 25 of 38 for 236 yards and a  touchdown to Bryan Edwards.
Cleveland's issues up front led to a major shift, with Pro Bowl left guard Joel Bitonio sliding over to play left tackle as Jedrick Wills Jr. was one of the Browns' COVID-19 cases.
Bitonio had a brief stint at tackle in training camp a few years back after perennial All-Pro Joe Thomas retired.
Raiders: LB Will Compton was a late scratch. He left the team to be with his family following his mother's unexpected death. ... LB Divine Deablo hurt his shoulder in the third quarter. ... S Jonathan Abram immediately went to the locker room with a shoulder injury midway through the fourth period and didn't return.
