Cooper Kupp, Van Jefferson and Odell Beckham Jr. caught touchdown passes from Stafford, and the Rams snapped their three-game losing streak with a 37-7 victory over Jacksonville on Sunday.
Stafford passed for 295 yards while Sony Michel rushed for 121 yards and a score for the Rams (8-4), who rebounded from a winless month with a solid all-around effort against a struggling opponent. Kupp had his 100th reception of a remarkable season among his eight catches for 129 yards.
Stafford snapped back into his early-season form, playing turnover-free football after giving the ball away six times during the three-game skid that threatened to derail the Rams' playoff plans. Los Angeles still has never lost four straight in coach Sean McVay's half-decade in charge.
Jalen Ramsey made three tackles against his former team and recovered a fumble forced by Aaron Donald on the opening drive for the Rams, who comfortably won what appeared to be the least daunting game remaining on a tough schedule. Los Angeles still must make trips to Arizona, Baltimore and Minnesota along with two NFC West games at home.
Rookie Trevor Lawrence passed for 145 yards for the Jaguars (2-10), who have lost four straight. With their 16th consecutive loss to NFC teams since September 2018, the Jaguars have lost 10 games for the 10th time in the last 11 years.
Jacksonville turned the ball over twice and struggled to get anything going offensively against LA's star-studded defense, managing just 197 total yards. This defeat means Urban Meyer will lose at least twice as many games in his rookie NFL season as he ever did in any of his 17 seasons as a head coach at the college level.
Michel was the Rams' featured back with Darrell Henderson in uniform but limited by a thigh injury. Michel capped the Rams' only TD drive of the first half with a 5-yard run before finishing with the Rams' first 100-yard rushing performance all season.
Jacksonville's defense hung in throughout the first half, preventing the Rams from converting any of their six third downs and forcing LA's Matt Gay to kick three field goals.
The Rams' defense dominated Lawrence's offense in the first half except for one 73-yard scoring drive culminating in Carlos Hyde's 1-yard TD run.
The Rams took control after halftime with two long touchdown drives capped by Kupp's 29-yard TD grab and Jefferson's 2-yard, toe-tap scoring catch.
The Rams' two prized midseason acquisitions finally got to play at SoFi Stadium for the first time, and both made contributions to the victory.
Beckham made an early 27-yard reception before his 1-yard TD grab early in the fourth quarter, outfighting Nevin Lawson for a jump ball.
Linebacker Von Miller had just one tackle for loss, but he was active in drawing blockers while the Rams' pass rush kept Lawrence uncomfortable for most of the day.
Stafford left for one play after a hard tackle, but returned quickly.  Stafford said.  ... Rams center Brian Allen injured his knee on their first snap from scrimmage and didn't return. Coleman Shelton took over and played well in the Los Angeles native's first significant NFL action in two years. ... Rams left guard David Edwards injured his foot later in their opening drive, but eventually returned. ... Jaguars C Brandon Linder injured his back. ... Jags rookie CB Tyson Campbell incurred an abdominal injury in the third quarter.
