 White said with a smile after leading the Jets to a stunning 34-31 comeback victory over the Cincinnati Bengals on Sunday. 
White threw for 405 yards and three touchdowns, caught a 2-point conversion pass on the go-ahead score and joined Cam Newton (2011) as the only players since at least 1950 to throw for 400 or more yards in their first career start.
White, starting in place of injured rookie Zach Wilson, pulled off the improbable victory for the Jets (2-5) while going 37 of 45 — setting an NFL record for the most completions in a player's first start.
He overcame two early interceptions and also became the Jets' first 400-yard passer since Vinny Testaverde threw for 481 on Christmas Eve 2000, a span of 327 games. And he even left for a few plays to be checked for a neck injury.
All that from a backup who was a fifth-round pick of Dallas in 2018 out of Western Kentucky and hadn't thrown an NFL pass until last week. And with Wilson still out for at least next Thursday night's game Indianapolis, White will get a chance for an encore.
With the Bengals (5-3) leading 31-20 in the fourth quarter, the Jets got an acrobatic touchdown by Johnson, who took a short pass from White and tip-toed down the left sideline and reached over the goal line for a 19-yard score. It was initially ruled Johnson stepped out at the 2, but video review overturned the call and confirmed the touchdown.
White’s 2-point conversion pass to Keelan Cole was incomplete, and New York trailed 31-26 with 4:36 left.
Shaq Lawson then came up with the Jets’ first interception of the season, deflecting Joe Burrow’s pass and snagging it to give New York the ball at the Bengals 14.
The Jets went for the 2-point conversion and turned to some trickery with the Jets’ twist on the Eagles'  Jamison Crowder tossed it to a wide-open White in the end zone to make it 34-31 with 3:45 left.
On third-and-11, Johnson was stopped for no gain on a catch but Mike Hilton was called for unnecessary roughness. That gave New York the first down, and White took a knee in victory formation moments later.
After becoming the the first team to go scoreless in the opening period in its first six games since the 2008 Detroit Lions, the Jets scored on their first drive on Carter's 8-yard touchdown run.
Cole, who stuck out his right hand to catch the ball and pinned it between his legs as he fell backwards for what appeared to be a 12-yard touchdown grab. It was reminiscent of Odell Beckham's now infamous one-handed grab on this same field while with the Giants in 2015.
