The Titans leaned on their All-Pro star and staged the kind comeback they haven't pulled off in a regular-season game in more than a decade.
Henry ran for 182 yards and two fourth-quarter touchdowns, Randy Bullock hit a 36-yard field goal midway through overtime, and the Titans rallied from a 14-point deficit to stun the Seattle Seahawks 33-30 on Sunday.
The Titans rallied from a 21-3 halftime deficit to beat Kansas City 22-21 in the 2017 playoffs. The last time Tennessee pulled off a bigger comeback in the regular season was 2006 when it erased a 21-0 halftime deficit to beat the Giants 24-21.
Seattle led by 14 after Freddie Swain busted free from coverage for a 68-yard touchdown with 13:06 left. But Jason Myers missed the extra point, hitting the upright and setting the stage for a wild conclusion.
Henry rumbled 60 yards for his second touchdown of the game less than a minute after Swain’s TD catch. His 1-yard run with 29 seconds left in regulation and the extra point from Bullock tied the game at 30.
And when Tennessee needed yards in overtime after nearly ending the game with a safety, Henry had four runs for 21 yards to set up Bullock’s winning kick.
Henry also had a career-high six receptions for 55 yards and his 182 yards rushing matched the most allowed by Seattle during coach Pete Carroll's tenure. Tannehill was 27 for 40 for 347 yards and Julio Jones had the 59th 100-yard game of his career with six receptions for 128 yards.
Wilson was 22 of 31 for 343 yards and two touchdowns, including a 63-yard strike to Tyler Lockett in the first half. Chris Carson added a pair of short TD runs.
Seattle also had its 12-game win streak in home openers snapped.
 said Lockett, who had eight catches for 178 yards. 
It was a disastrous fourth quarter for Seattle and overtime wasn’t much better. Tennessee nearly won the game when Ola Adeniyi sacked Wilson on Seattle’s only overtime possession. It appeared to be a safety, but Wilson was ruled down at the 1. The resulting short field led to an easy winning drive for the Titans.
Four runs from Henry set up Bullock, who hit from 33, 30 and 24 yards, and missed from 44 earlier in the game.
Seattle’s first home regular-season game with fans since Week 17 of the 2019 season was a giant party from the pregame concert with hometown hip-hop artist Macklemore to the roar after Lockett’s long touchdown reception that left the stadium swaying.
But the atmosphere turned tense in the fourth quarter and downright sour as fans headed for the exits.
Tannehill was 7 for 7 on the final drive of regulation, six of the seven passes going to running backs. The Titans faced just one third down and on first-and-goal, Henry plunged in from the 1.
Tennessee finished with 532 total yards, including 345 in the second half and overtime.
Henry now has four career games with at least 150 yards rushing and three or more touchdowns. Only Barry Sanders (six), Jim Brown (six) and LaDainian Tomlinson (five) have more. Eric Dickerson also had four.
Henry also became the 18th player in league history with at least 10 games of 150 yards rushing. The Titans are 10-0 in those games.
The Titans' offensive line took a big blow two hours before kickoff when left tackle Taylor Lewan limped off the field with a knee injury suffered in early pregame warmups. Ty Sambrailo started in Lewan’s place, the same role he took on last year after Lewan was lost to a season-ending knee injury in October.
The injury woes up front persisted for Tennessee as left guard Rodger Saffold III went down with a shoulder injury briefly in the first half, returned, then left for good in the third quarter.
Seattle right tackle Brandon Shell left in the fourth quarter with an ankle injury and DK Metcalf seemed bothered late after banging his knee, Carroll said.
