NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- — The Tennessee Titans are dancing as back-to-back AFC South champs in a season when they lost the NFL's leading rusher at Halloween and have used 88 players — most ever in a non-strike season for the NFL.
Ryan Tannehill threw two touchdown passes as the Tennessee Titans clinched their second straight division title Sunday, snapping the Miami Dolphins' seven-game winning streak with a 34-3 win.
Tennessee finished off its win and was celebrating with some nice dance moves in the locker room wearing T-shirts reading  while fans stood around TVs on the concourses watching the Chiefs  lose, which moved the Titans to the top spot due to their Oct. 24 win over the Chiefs. 
 Titans Pro Bowl safety Kevin Byard said. 
Miami came in as the first team in NFL history to win seven straight after a seven-game skid. That surge helped push the Dolphins into the third and final wild-card spot in the AFC, but the loss ended their playoff hopes.
On a cold and rainy day, the Titans ran more than they threw. Tannehill was 13 of 18 for 120 yards and a 127.1 passer rating against the  team that drafted him eighth overall in 2012 before trading him to Tennessee in March 2019. Tannehill is 31-15 as the Titans' starter with his third straight playoff berth clinched.
D'Onta Foreman ran for 132 yards and a TD. Dontrell Hilliard ran for a 39-yard TD as the Titans scored 10 points off a pair of turnovers by Tua Tagovailoa.
The Titans also sacked Tagovailoa four times — a season-high for the Dolphins quarterback. David Long, the linebacker drafted with the sixth-round pick included by Miami in the Tannehill trade, picked off Tagovailoa with 2:49 left to set up the Hillard TD.
Miami came in leading the NFL with 45 sacks, four shy of the franchise record last set in 2005. The Dolphins didn’t get to Tannehill until the third quarter when Jerome Baker ended the Titans’ first drive of the second half.
The Titans needed only a 46-yard drive to take the lead for good. Tannehill capped the series with a 1-yard TD toss to Geoff Swaim late in the first quarter.
Tagovailoa had the ball slip out of his hand while trying to pass, and Elijah Molden recovered for the Titans. Randy Bullock kicked a 23-yard field goal for a 10-0 lead.
Foreman padded the Tennessee lead to 17-3 with a 21-yard run late in the first half. He also set up Tannehill's second TD pass with a 35-yard run out of the wildcat, and Tannehill found a wide-open Anthony Firkser for a 15-yard TD and a 24-3 lead.
Tagovailoa was 18 of 38 for 205 yards, the kind of performance that won't help doubts about whether he's the quarterback to lead Miami to the playoffs.
Miami wide receiver Jaylen Waddle came in needing six catches for the rookie receptions mark of 101 set by Anquan Boldin in 2003. Waddle caught a short pass for no gain in the first quarter, then didn't catch another pass until early in the fourth quarter when Tagovailoa found him for a 45-yard gain.
Waddle finished with three catches for 47 yards, giving him 99 receptions for the season.
