The Vikings bounced back from two straight close losses and one of the most tumultuous weeks of Zimmer's eight-season tenure with a 27-20 victory over the Los Angeles Chargers.
The Vikings, whose five losses this season have been by a combined 18 points, came into the game with five players on the COVID-19 list, including starting safety Harrison Smith and center Garrett Bradbury. They also were missing four other defensive starters because of injuries.
Kirk Cousins threw a pair of touchdown passes to Tyler Conklin and Dalvin Cook rushed for 94 yards and a score. Justin Jefferson, who had only five catches in the past two games, tied a season high with nine receptions for 143 yards.
Los Angeles (5-4) has dropped three of its past four. Justin Herbert was 20 of 34 for 195 yards with a touchdown and interception. Keenan Allen had eight catches for 98 yards.
The Vikings went up 13-3 in the second quarter on a 5-yard touchdown pass from Cousins to Conklin. Minnesota had a short field to work with following a diving interception by Eric Kendricks at the Chargers 31.
Los Angeles scored on touchdowns by Larry Rountree and Austin Ekeler for a 17-13 lead.
Minnesota then regained the lead with 2:33 remaining in the third quarter. On fourth-and-goal from the 1, Conklin was open in the back of the end zone on a crossing route after Chargers safeties Derwin James and Alohi Gilman ran into each other.
Cook extended the Vikings' advantage  to 27-17 early in the fourth quarter on a 1-yard run. The 24 carries by Cook was the second-most he has had this season.
Dustin Hopkins' second field goal got the Chargers within a touchdown, but they didn't get the ball back. Cousins connected with Adam Thielen for an 18-yard completion on third-and-18 from the Minnesota 46, and Cook had a 4-yard gain on fourth down to allow the Vikings to run out the clock after the Chargers burned all their timeouts.
 said Cousins, who completed 25 of 37 passes for 294 yards.
Rountree marked his first NFL touchdown in style.
The Chargers rookie dived from a yard out to get Los Angeles within 13-10 late in the second quarter. Once he crossed the goal line, the sixth-round pick performed a dance that had elements of breakdance and Hall of Famer Ray Lewis’ famous pregame routine.
Ekeler gave the Chargers their only lead when he caught a 2-yard TD pass from Herbert on the opening drive of the second half to make it 17-13. That was also the 20th receiving score of Ekeler’s five-year career, making him the youngest running back in the common draft era (since 1967) to reach that mark. He is 26 years, 181 days old.
