Garrett made a franchise-record 4 1/2 sacks and Cleveland brought Fields down nine times while holding Chicago to just 1 net yard passing as the Browns thumped the Bears 26-6 on Sunday.
Garrett had a field day against Fields, thrust into the lineup after veteran Andy Dalton injured his knee last week. The Bears (1-2) wanted to be patient and not play the No. 11 overall pick until he was ready.
The Browns (2-1) didn't cut him any breaks, and their defense, which had been criticized for performances in the first two games, got it together at Fields' expense and held Chicago to only 47 yards and six first downs.
Fields was under pressure from the start. The former Ohio State star completed just 6 of 20 passes for 68 yards and got X-rays on his throwing hand afterward. The Bears' biggest offensive play came on a pass interference that wiped out an interception and gained 48 yards.
Cleveland thoroughly dominated, outgaining Chicago 418-47.
Browns running back Kareem Hunt scored on an angry 29-yard run in the fourth quarter and finished with 155 yards rushing (81) and receiving (74).
Baker Mayfield threw a touchdown pass to Austin Hooper and completed five passes for 77 yards to star Odell Beckham Jr., who played for the first time since a season-ending knee injury on Oct. 25.
 Beckham said after plopping down in a chair. 
Chase McLaughlin kicked  field goals of 57, 52, 41 and 28 yards for Cleveland.
Cleveland's offense didn't find its footing until the second half as Chicago's defense sacked Mayfield five times — with  star linebacker Khalil Mack getting two.
Fields was sacked on back-to-back plays and four times overall as Cleveland's front brought heat from every direction. The Bears had just 14 total yards before picking up another 24 — and their second first down — before punting with 2:54 left before halftime.
The only bright spot for Chicago was kicker Cairo Santos, who made a pair of field goals and has converted his last 31 straight.
Beckham's first catch went for 13 yards — his number— and he was targeted nine times.
Garrett wasn't aware his performance topped the four sacks by Andra Davis in 2003.
Also, the Browns' total equaled the second most in Cleveland history. The Browns had 11 sacks at Atlanta in 1984.
Browns: Rookie CB Greg Newsome II (calf) will undergo an MRI on Monday. He had a pass breakup and three tackles before leaving.
