Mayfield came back after the injury to throw a touchdown pass and run for a TD, leading Cleveland to a 31-21 win Sunday over the Houston Texans, who were in it until starting quarterback Tyrod Taylor hurt his hamstring.
Nick Chubb had a 26-yard touchdown run for the Browns (1-1), who bounced back from blowing a double-digit lead and losing at Kansas City to thrill their first capacity home crowd since 2019.
Mayfield went 10 for 10 after a first-half interception — he injured his non-throwing shoulder while making the tackle on the play — and finished 19 of 21 for 213 yards. Chubb had 95 yards on 11 carries.
Rookie Demetric Felton caught a short pass from Mayfield, made a spin move, broke a tackle and went 33 yards in the third quarter for an electrifying TD to put Cleveland ahead for good.
The 32-year-old, who spent 2018 with Cleveland and got Houston's job this season by default because of Deshaun Watson's legal troubles, completed 10 of 11 passes in the first half for 125 yards.
Taylor's injury forced rookie Davis Mills into his first NFL action and he threw an interception on his second series.
Culley was asked if there's a chance Watson, who has requested a trade and remains exiled, could play Thursday against Carolina.
Mills threw a 2-yard TD pass to Brandin Cooks in the fourth quarter to pull the Texans within 24-21.
But the Browns responded with an 82-yard scoring drive — mostly on the ground — that Chubb ended with his score.
After throwing his pick, Cleveland's QB was hurt when he extended his arm to try and trip Texans safety Justin Reid — on a play where rookie receiver Anthony Schwartz stopped running. Mayfield stayed on the ground in obvious pain while being assessed.
 Mayfield said. "Trying to force him back inside and I think he realized it was me standing right there, so put his head down and ran right after me. Kind of popped in and out, but it will be good.
 he said. “Everybody’s fighting through something. The healthiest you are the whole year is when you show up for camp, after that it’s all downhill. So I’m going to tough it out, just because these guys are as well.
While Mayfield was out, Taylor scored on a 15-yard scamper on third down to give the Texans a 14-7 lead.
On his first possession back, Mayfield scored on a 5-yard run he celebrated by firing the ball into the wall in front of the Dawg Pound section.
The eight-year veteran had caught at least two passes in 111 consecutive games, the fourth-longest streak in history. Hall of Famer Tim Brown holds the record with 147, one more than Jerry Rice.
