JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- — Making a cross-country trip following a short week that included their most impressive victory of the season, the San Francisco 49ers had the potential for a letdown against Jacksonville.
They instead delivered a beatdown.
Jimmy Garoppolo threw two touchdown passes for the third consecutive game, and the 49ers dominated Jacksonville 30-10 on Sunday for their third win in four weeks.
 Niners left tackle Trent Williams said. 
Coming off a 31-10 stunner against the Los Angeles Rams on Monday night, the 49ers (5-5) traveled 2,700 miles, kicked off at 10 a.m. West Coast time and looked every bit like a playoff contender for the second time in six days.
The Niners ran 33 of the game’s first 37 plays and had more first downs (14) than Jacksonville had yards (12) midway through the second quarter.
The game was so lopsided early in the third quarter that San Francisco called for a tackle-eligible play on third-and-goal from the 1 that resulted in Williams getting his first career target. Garoppolo threw high, drawing laughs from everyone on San Francisco's sideline, but he found George Kittle for a touchdown on the next play.
The Jaguars finished with 200 yards on 44 plays, tied for the fifth fewest in franchise history. Rookie quarterback Trevor Lawrence put his arm around coach Urban Meyer late in the game and got some words of encouragement.
Garoppolo completed 16 of 22 passes for 176 yards. He connected with Brandon Aiyuk and Kittle for scores. It was Kittle’s third TD in as many weeks. Deebo Samuel ran eight times for 79 yards and a touchdown.
The Niners were equally stout on the other side of the ball, sacking Lawrence three times, stuffing James Robinson, and not allowing a touchdown until 3:09 remaining.
The Jaguars have now lost 14 consecutive games against NFC teams, a skid that dates to the 2018 season. They also fell to 7-44 in their last 51 games against the other conference.
Jenkins was ejected in the second quarter for throwing a punch toward 49ers receiver Jauan Jennings, whose helmet had come off during their exchange. The two started pushing each other after a third-down run that lost yardage. Jenkins threw a punch that got him immediately disqualified.
It was the second mistake in the game for Jenkins. He was flagged for holding on a third-and-5 play that ended in a sack. The Niners got a new set of downs and went on to kick a field goal to cap the 20-play drive that took a little more than 13 minutes.
