Jackson threw three touchdown passes, including two to Devin Duvernay, and the Ravens rolled past the New York Jets 24-9 on a rainy Sunday in the regular-season opener.
Jackson went 17 of 30 for 213 yards, including a TD to Rashod Bateman, and had one interception. The performance came hours after ESPN reported that Jackson turned down a five-year extension offer worth more than $250 million — with $133 million guaranteed at signing.
Jackson denied the ESPN story when asked after the game by the outlet's reporter whether he turned down a $250 million guaranteed contract:  And then Jackson was whisked away from the podium by a Ravens media relations staffer.
Jackson didn't run much on Sunday, just 17 yards rushing on six carries, but he didn't need to because Joe Flacco and the Jets offense struggled to get anything going.
Flacco, starting against the team with whom he won a Super Bowl, was ineffective and wasn't helped by a few drops and lousy pass protection. He went 37 of 59 for 307 yards and a touchdown and interception — and the fans at MetLife Stadium chanted backup Mike White's name a few times in the second half.
Flacco was intercepted by Marcus Williams on the third drive. New York's defense held firm and Baltimore settled for Justin Tucker's 24-yard field goal to take a 3-0 lead.
But the Jets missed a chance to tie early in the second quarter when Greg Zuerlein was wide left on a 45-yard attempt.
Jackson's perfectly placed pass to Duvernay for a 25-yard TD gave the Ravens a 10-point lead with 3:45 left in the first half.
The Ravens extended their lead to 17-3 on their second drive of the second half on Duvernay's second touchdown catch.
The Jets appeared to make a big play on defense late in the third quarter when D.J. Reed forced Mike Davis to fumble, but the Ravens running back recovered. On the next play, Bateman split two Jets defenders and Jackson lofted a pass that hit him in stride for a 55-yard touchdown that made it 24-3.
Early in the fourth quarter, rookie running back Breece Hall fumbled after a 7-yard catch that would've been a first down. Marlon Humphrey recovered for the Ravens.
Two other moments were indicative of the lousy day for the Jets. One came when Flacco found a wide-open Michael Carter on fourth-and-goal from the 6 with 4:17 left, but Carter dropped the pass in the end zone.
And with 1:18 remaining, Elijah Moore appeared to have a touchdown on third down. He was called for offensive pass interference on a play during which Ravens cornerback Kyle Fuller injured his left knee and needed help off the field.
The Jets finally got into the end zone a few plays later on Tyler Conklin's 2-yard TD catch with 1 minute left, but Zuerlein missed the extra point.
