Mahomes connected with Kelce for three touchdowns — including the go-ahead score with 31 seconds remaining — as the Kansas City Chiefs rallied past the Los Angeles Chargers 30-27 on Sunday night to stay atop the AFC.
Mahomes met Emmy Award-winning actor Henry Winkler before the game. Winkler, who played Fonzie for 12 seasons on the iconic television show , received a signed jersey on the sideline. Kelce got in the act by wearing a t-shirt before the game that had a picture of The Fonz and said .
When Mahomes and the Chiefs got the ball at the KC 25-yard line with 1:46 remaining, he had his usual cool and calm presence.
 said Mahomes, completed 20 of 34 passes for 329 yards.
After the Chargers had pulled ahead 27-23 on Justin Herbert’s 6-yard touchdown pass to Joshua Palmer with 1:46 left, Mahomes directed a six-play, 75-yard drive that took just 1:15.
It was the 11th time in the regular-season that Mahomes had a game-winning drive in the fourth quarter.
Despite missing two receivers due to injuries, he completed 3 of 4 for 48 yards on the drive and scrambled twice for an additional 22.
The Chiefs also benefitted from a third-down holding call on Chargers' safety Derwin James after an incomplete pass.
After a 16-yard run by Mahomes and Kansas City timeout, Mahomes hit Kelce on a short crossing route that Kelce took to the end zone for a 17-yard touchdown,
 said Kelce, who had six catches for 115 yards. 
Herbert and the Chargers had one final chance, but Nick Bolton intercepted a deflected pass to seal it for the Chiefs (8-2), who swept the season series from Los Angeles (5-5) and took a three-game lead in the AFC West.
It is the third straight year the Chargers have had a late lead at home against the Chiefs and were unable to finish.
Kelce scored at least three touchdowns for the second time in his career. He scored four in a Monday night win over the Raiders on Oct. 10.
Chiefs rookie Isiah Pacheco rushed for a career-high 107 yards.
Herbert went 23 of 30 for 280 yards and two touchdowns, both to Palmer, who had eight receptions for 106 yards. It was easily the Chargers' best offensive performance in nearly a month as the unit was bolstered by the return of receivers Keenan Allen and Mike Williams.
Allen, playing only his third game due to a nagging hamstring injury, had five receptions for 94 yards, including a 46-yard catch up the right sideline on the go-ahead drive to put the ball on the Chiefs 16-yard line.
Austin Ekeler had 100 yards (83 rushing, 17 receiving) and a touchdown.
It was Kelce's 34th game with at least 100 yards receiving, surpassing Rob Gronkowski for the most by a tight end in NFL history. Eight of his 11 TDs this season have come in prime-time games.
Kelce gave Kansas City a 13-10 lead early in the second quarter on a 4-yard screen pass where he imitated Pro Football Hall of Fame cornerback Deion Sanders’ high-skipping dance on his way to the end zone.
Kelce's 32-yard touchdown on the opening play of the fourth quarter put the Chiefs on top 23-20. Kelce caught the ball at the LA 26 after Asante Samuel Jr. made a diving attempt, broke a tackle by Nasir Adderley at the 16 and went up the right sideline for the score.
After Harrison Butker's 33-yard field goal on the opening possession gave the Chiefs a 3-0 lead, the Charges promptly answered on their first drive in three plays. Palmer beat Juan Thornhill in single coverage and Herbert found him for a 50-yard touchdown.
It was the first time in 20 regular-season games that Kansas City had allowed a touchdown on an opening drive.
Chargers: Williams' return was short-lived. He reinjured his ankle after a 15-yard reception in the first quarter. ... LB Kenneth Murray came out in the third quarter with a neck injury. ... S Nasir Adderley had a thumb injury in the fourth quarter.
