Marcus Peters forced a fumble in the fourth quarter — the first of three Carolina turnovers in the final 8:14 — and Jackson took advantage of the short field, scoring on a 1-yard run that helped Baltimore hold off the Panthers 13-3 on Sunday.
Baltimore improved its turnover margin to plus-9 on the season, and the Ravens (7-3) now have at least one takeaway in 12 straight games.
Justin Tucker kicked two field goals, including a tiebreaking 37-yarder with 8:27 remaining. Then Peters forced a fumble by Panthers receiver Shi Smith, giving the Ravens the ball at the Carolina 31. Baltimore finally scored the game's lone touchdown with 7:16 to play.
Marlon Humphrey, who recovered Smith's fumble, later added an interception. Jason Pierre-Paul also picked off a pass in the final minute.
The AFC North-leading Ravens won their fourth straight despite being stuck in neutral offensively for much of the game. Jackson threw for 209 yards with an interception and Demarcus Robinson caught nine passes for 128 yards, but that was about all that was working for either team offensively on a chilly, windy day in Baltimore.
Tucker and Eddy Piñeiro traded 32-yard field goals, leaving the score tied at 3 through three quarters.
The Ravens, who have led every game this season by double digits at some point, have had some rough fourth quarters — but this wasn't one of them. Baltimore drove 67 yards in 12 plays to set up Tucker's second field goal, and then Jackson's TD gave the Ravens a 10-point lead that felt pretty safe.
Prior to that, Humphrey might have scored on Smith's fumble if the play hadn't been erroneously stopped — before officials eventually ruled it was a turnover.
Jackson was intercepted once during a first half that remained scoreless until Tucker kicked a field goal on the final play.
Mayfield, a familiar opponent for the Ravens when he was with Cleveland, threw for 196 yards for the Panthers (3-8). D'Onta Foreman was held to 24 yards on 11 carries after rushing for 389 and four touchdowns in the previous four games.
Baltimore had rushed for at least 150 yards in eight consecutive games, the longest streak since the 1985 Chicago Bears did it for nine straight.
Carolina held the Ravens to 115 yards on 30 carries.
The Panthers have not won a road game in more than a year, since Nov. 14, 2021, when they defeated Arizona. They're 0-5 this season.
