Burrow threw three touchdown passes and the defending AFC champions got their first victory of the season, rolling past the New York Jets 27-12 on Sunday.
After opening 0-2 with a pair of three-point losses during which they trailed by at least two TDs, the Bengals won the coin toss, took the ball and got going right away against the Jets — who fell flat after a stunning comeback win last week at Cleveland.
Burrow finished 23 of 36 for 275 yards with TD throws to Samaje Perine, Tyler Boyd and Ja'Marr Chase.
 said Tee Higgins, who had five catches for 93 yards. 
Joe Flacco, who led the Jets' 13-point rally in the final 1:55 last Sunday, struggled against the Bengals in what will likely be his final start with the injured Zach Wilson expected to return next week. Wilson, injured in the preseason opener, is recovering from a bone bruise and arthroscopic surgery on his right knee.
Flacco was 28 of 52 for 285 yards and two interceptions, and was under pressure all game.
The fans at MetLife Stadium chanted a few times to play backup Mike White — who rallied the Jets to a 34-31 win over the Bengals last season.
Meanwhile, Burrow marched the Bengals (1-2) down the field on an 11-play opening drive, capped by Perine's 12-yard touchdown catch.
Burrow was 8 of 10 for 95 yards on the drive during which Cincinnati thought it got into the end zone two other times. Boyd had a 4-yard TD catch wiped out by a holding penalty on guard Cordell Volson. Two plays later, Higgins' acrobatic catch was ruled — and upheld by video review — out of bounds in the end zone.
And the Jets (1-2), who got four field goals from Greg Zuerlein, couldn't muster much other than mistakes.
John Franklin-Myers was called for unnecessary roughness after landing on Burrow, whose third-down throw was incomplete. Given a new set of downs, the Bengals took advantage. Burrow threw to Boyd, who avoided a tackle by Jordan Whitehead and raced for a 56-yard touchdown to make it 14-6.
On Cincinnati's next drive, Burrow completed a 45-yard pass to Higgins, who took a helmet to the head from Lamarcus Joyner. The catch and unnecessary roughness penalty put Cincinnati at the New York 15, and Evan McPherson booted a 22-yarder moments later.
A poorly thrown pass by Flacco on the Jets' next possession was intercepted by Logan Wilson and resulted in McPherson's 43-yarder.
Trailing 20-9, the Jets opened the second half with yet another miscue. Trey Hendrickson had the first of his two strip-sacks of Flacco, B.J. Hill recovered and Burrow hit Chase for a 5-yard touchdown to make it 27-9.
Saleh said it was Williams  the coaches to let the defensive line rush four players instead of a seven-man rush to put pressure on Burrow after Boyd's long TD.  Saleh said. 
Jets: Complete their four-game swing through the AFC North by traveling to Pittsburgh to face the Steelers next Sunday.
