Murray threw for 207 yards and two touchdowns and added another score on the ground as the Cardinals overcame another lackluster first half, rallying with 16 fourth-quarter points to beat the Carolina Panthers 26-16.
Marquise Brown caught a 23-yard touchdown, Zach Ertz hauled in a 2-yard TD catch and Murray ran for a 4-yard score as the Cardinals held a 17-minute advantage in time of possession and beat the Panthers for the first time in the last seven meetings.
Arizona's defense frustrated Baker Mayfield, forcing three turnovers by the 2018 No. 1 overall pick.
The 6-foot-1 Mayfield had five passes batted at the line of scrimmage and was off the mark on several other throws. He's had an NFL-high 11 passes batted down.
Mayfield has completed 54.7% of his passes this season with four touchdowns and three interceptions. He came into the weekend second-to-last in the league in total quarterback rating and Sunday's effort isn't going to help.
After trailing 10-3 at half, the Cardinals took their first lead in regulation this season on Matt Prater’s 39-yard field goal with 11:22 remaining in the game.
Three-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year J.J. Watt, playing just four days after having his heart shocked into rhythm after going into atrial fibrillation, then deflected Mayfield’s pass, which Dennis Gardeck intercepted and returned to the Carolina 5.
Watt said he was cleared by doctors to play and didn't want to let his team down.
The Panthers had won 14 of 19 overall against the Cardinals coming into the game, including the past six by an average margin of 35-17. But the Panthers were 2 of 10 on third downs and couldn’t get anything going on offense.
Carolina’s only touchdown in the first 55 minutes of the game came when Frankie Luvu intercepted Murray’s pass and returned it 33 yards for a touchdown to give Carolina a 7-0 lead early in the second quarter.
But Arizona's defense kept the Panthers' running game in check, holding Christian McCaffrey to 27 yards rushing on eight carries.
Cardinals right guard Will Hernandez was ejected in the fourth quarter for pushing an official in the back following a dust-up between the two teams.
