The sixth-year running back demanded better from everyone in a speech to the team following a mistake-filled Oct. 20 loss at Arizona and followed that up by saying publicly last week that New Orleans intended to  the Raiders for Saints coach Dennis Allen.
Kamara backed it up by scoring his first three touchdowns of the season, and New Orleans' defense was dominant in a 24-0 victory over Las Vegas on Sunday.
Kamara converted short receptions into touchdowns of 36 and 16 yards. He also rushed for a 3-yard score.
Dalton was 22 of 30 for 229 yards and two TDs. His top receiver was Kamara, who had nine receptions for 96 yards to go with his 62 yards rushing.
Kamara has been having a productive season and had surpassed 100 yards from scrimmage in New Orleans' previous three games. Oddly, that hadn't translated into a single touchdown until he faced the Raiders, the franchise that gave Allen his first head coaching job in 2012 and fired him four games into his third season.
Derek Carr was 15 of 26 for 101 yards with one interception and was sacked three times before being replaced by Jarrett Stidham late in the fourth quarter.
The Raiders also were hurt by a failed fake punt in the second quarter, one play after Davante Adams' end around on third-and-1 was stuffed by defensive end Marcus Davenport. That was compounded by a chop block penalty giving the Saints starting field possession on the Las Vegas 27. The Saints (3-5) converted that opportunity into a field goal that made it 10-0.
The Saints defense had four sacks in all, two by second-year defensive end Payton Turner, who was playing for the first time in four weeks after recovering from a chest injury. Tackle David Onyemata had another, while end Cameron Jordan and tackle Kentavius Street shared one.
The Saints came in with an NFL-worst turnover differential of minus-10 but did not turn the ball over this week. Mathieu intercepted Carr on a pass tipped by linebacker Pete Werner for the Saints' second interception all season. Mathieu has both.
 said Dalton, who threw three interceptions — two returned for touchdowns — at Arizona. 
Raiders: Played without tight end Darren Waller, who had been listed as questionable as he tried to return from an Oct. 10 hamstring injury. Adams, who had been questionable with an illness, played but had just one catch for 3 yards.
