INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- — Justin Herbert won't mind getting equal billing with Khalil Mack if it keeps producing wins.
Herbert had the 13th three-touchdown pass game of his young, prolific career, and Mack had three sacks in his Chargers debut as Los Angeles beat the Las Vegas Raiders 24-19 on Sunday.
 said Herbert, who completed 26 of 34 passes for 279 yards. 
Los Angeles, which won its opener for the fourth straight year, also avenged last season’s finale, which Las Vegas won on a field goal in the final seconds of overtime to knock the Chargers out of a playoff spot.
Carr was 22 of 37 for 295 yards and two touchdowns but was picked off three times. He connected 10 times with former Fresno State teammate Davante Adams, who was acquired from Green Bay in the offseason. Adams had 141 receiving yards, including a 2-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter.
Herbert had a 129.4 passer rating despite Keenan Allen leaving with a hamstring injury in the first half and Mike Williams not having a catch until the fourth quarter.
Herbert completed passes to nine players, with five having three or more receptions.
 said Allen, who had four receptions for 66 yards. 
Gerald Everett had an 18-yard TD reception midway through the third quarter where he dragged Raiders safety Roderic Teamer the final 3 yards into the end zone to make it 24-10.
Carter and Everett each had three catches. Carter had 64 yards and Everett 54.
Carr was picked off three times for the third time in his nine-year career. It previously happened in the 2018 opener against the Los Angeles Rams.
Carr's other TD pass came on the opening drive of the second half when he found Brandon Bolden open in single coverage for an 18-yard score up the left sideline.
The Chargers had six sacks and three interceptions in an opener for the first time 2007. It was Mack's second three-sack game of his nine-year career.
The Bolts had three players get picks in an opener for the first time since 1966, when they were in the American Football League. Drue Tranquill's interception set up Carter's touchdown late in the second quarter.
Asante Samuel Jr. and Callahan got their interceptions on consecutive fourth-quarter drives. Samuel's came on a bomb intended for Adams that the second-year cornerback grabbed at the LA 2-yard line. Callahan jumped a route on a ball intended for Darren Waller.
Raiders: C Andre James left in an ambulance following the game and was being evaluated for a concussion, the team said. ... CB Anthony Averett suffered a thumb injury in the first half and did not return. ... S Tre'von Moehrig (hip) was injured in the third quarter and did not return.
