Goff threw three touchdown passes, including two in the first half to Brock Wright, and Detroit routed the Chicago Bears 41-10 on Sunday to remain in the chase for an NFC wild card.
The Lions (8-8) have won seven of nine to give themselves a shot at earning a postseason spot for the first time since 2016 going into their regular-season finale at Green Bay. They need a win over the Packers and a loss or tie by Seattle against the Los Angeles Rams.
 said Goff, who was 21 of 29 for 255 yards and did not throw an interception for an eighth consecutive game.
Campbell never wavered, publicly or privately, and his reward is having a playoff berth possibly at stake against the Packers.
Goff completed passes to 10 teammates and an 11th, rookie receiver Jameson Williams, ran 40 yards on a reverse early in the third quarter to set up Jamaal Williams' 15th rushing score that gave Detroit a three-touchdown lead.
Jamaal Williams had a career-high 144 yards rushing on 22 carries and D'Andre Swift added 117 yards from scrimmage and two scores.
On the other side of the ball, rookie defensive end Aidan Hutchinson got the better of Fields by forcing two turnovers in the first half.
Fields started strong, running for 105 yards in the first quarter alone and throwing a 13-yard touchdown to Cole Kmet, before Hutchinson recovered his fumble and picked off a pass in the second quarter.
Fields finished with 132 yards rushing, giving him 1,143 this year. With one game left, he has a chance to break the single-season NFL quarterback rushing record of 1,206 yards set by Baltimore's Lamar Jackson in 2019 during his MVP season.
When Detroit shut down Fields' ability to run for the final three quarters, he was in trouble. Fields was 7 of 21 — completing a season-low 33.3% of his passes — for 75 yards and was sacked a season-high seven times.
Hutchinson became the first defensive lineman with three interceptions since the Bears' Richard Dent in 1990. He's the first lineman in NFL history to have three picks as a rookie.
Detroit rookie James Houston had three sacks, giving him 7 1/2 — the most sacks by an NFL player in his first six games.
Bears: Close the season at home against the Vikings next weekend.
