It snowballed so badly, it turned into a loss and the end of their playoff chances.
Wentz threw three interceptions after getting the starting job back, defensive miscues added up and the Commanders lost in embarrassing fashion Sunday, 24-10 to the Cleveland Browns, who had nothing to play for. Green Bay beating Minnesota eliminated Washington from playoff contention, something Rivera did not know was possible.
It has been a disappointing run to say the least for the Commanders (7-8-1), who are winless in their past four games after Wentz's latest late-season letdown.
 said Wentz, who was 16 of 28 for 143 yards. 
The offense gained just 260 yards — 96 on Washington's only touchdown drive — not exactly the spark Rivera was hoping for when he went back to Wentz. Fans making up the sparse crowd booed and chanted early on for Heinicke multiple times after Wentz missed open receivers or lobbed the ball into the hands of a Cleveland defender.
 said Wentz, who similarly melted down with Indianapolis at this point last season when the Colts needed to win to get into the playoffs. 
Fans chanting,  did not get their wish: Wentz remained in the game and struggled to move the ball beyond handing it to rookie running back Brian Robinson Jr., who rushed for 87 yards on 24 carries. Rivera said he contemplating going to Heinicke but decided against it once his team fell behind by 14 and he knew some downfield throws would be necessary.
 said Browns safety Grant Delpit, who had two of the interceptions. 
The Commanders' fourth-ranked defense allowed a handful of big plays, including a 46-yard pass from Deshaun Watson to Amari Cooper that became a touchdown when top cornerback Kendall Fuller missed an open-field tackle.
Watson also connected with Cooper on a 33-yard TD pass in the fourth quarter that sent fans to the exits.
The Browns (7-9) were already out of the race in the AFC but made good on tight end David Njoku's expectation they'd  Cooper had three catches for 105 yards, Nick Chubb ran 14 times for 104 yards and Watson finished 9 of 18 for 169 yards and the TD passes to Cooper and Donovan Peoples-Jones.
Washington's highlight of the game was the 96-yard drive on 21 plays that chewed up 11:27 of clock in the second quarter. It's one of just five 21-play drives in the NFL over the past decade.
Browns: RT Jack Conklin left in the fourth quarter with an ankle injury. ... Coach Kevin Stefanski said CB Denzel Ward, who had the other interception off Wentz, had a shoulder injury.
Commanders: Pro Bowl DT Jonathan Allen went down with a knee injury in the second quarter and did not return. Rivera said Allen hyperextended the knee and would be evaluated further Monday. ... CB Benjamin St-Juste and S Kam Curl were each inactive because of ankle injuries.
