JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- — Jacksonville's Tyson Campbell believes he can cover anyone in the league. His confidence had to be wavering at least a little at halftime against Davante Adams.
Adams had nine catches for 146 yards and two touchdowns through two quarters Sunday, looking unstoppable while Campbell mostly shadowed him all over the field.
Campbell delivered all the blows in the second half as the Jaguars rallied from a 17-point deficit to beat Adams and the Las Vegas Raiders 27-20. The victory ended a five-game skid for the Jaguars (3-6).
Travis Etienne ran for 109 yards and two touchdowns. Trevor Lawrence played one of the best games of his career, throwing for 235 yards and a score. And Jacksonville finally won a close game.
It was the second-biggest comeback in franchise history for the Jaguars, who climbed out of a 21-point hole to beat the New York Giants in 2014.
Adams was the key, getting open often from several different spots. But Campbell eventually stiffened against the five-time Pro Bowler, who had one reception for no yards after the break.
Jacksonville's Riley Patterson hit the right upright with 3:03 remaining, giving the Raiders a chance late. But Derek Carr threw high over the middle to Hunter Renfrow on fourth down. Patterson made a 48-yarder with a minute left, and the Raiders failed to mount much of a challenge with their final possession.
Las Vegas' final five drives ended with three punts, a turnover on downs and a fumble.
The victory was huge for Jacksonville, which had been 0-6 in one-score games before Sunday. Coach Doug Pederson’s team was tied or held a lead in five of those six losses.
Etienne finished with his third consecutive 100-yard game. Lawrence completed 25 of 31 passes. He also scrambled for 53 yards and was charged with a fumble. Christian Kirk caught eight passes for 76 yards and a score.
Carr completed 22 of 37 passes for 266 yards, with both TD passes to Adams, who finished with 10 catches for 146 yards. Adams was targeted eight times in the second half and caught one.
Jaguars kick returner Jamal Agnew made a difference in his first game since missing two with a knee injury. He had a season-long 52-yard kickoff return to start the second half, setting up Lawrence’s 7-yard touchdown pass to Kirk that seized the momentum.
