CLEVELAND -- — Everything was stacked against the New York Jets. The clock wasn't in their favor, and Cleveland's frothing home crowd was making things harder.
Flacco fired a 15-yard touchdown pass to rookie Garrett Wilson with 22 seconds left as the Jets rallied for an improbable 31-30 win over the stunned Cleveland Browns, who blew a two-touchdown lead in the final two minutes Sunday.
On third-and-10, Flacco — who had four TD passes one week after a rough opener — found a streaking Wilson over the middle. Earlier, the 10th overall pick had dropped a crucial pass, allowing the Browns (1-1) to open their two-score lead.
The last team to blow that kind of lead was the Browns in the 2001 season against the Bears.
 said Wilson, who finished with eight catches for 102 yards in his second game. 
Nick Chubb's third rushing TD put Cleveland up 13 with 1:55 to go, but the Browns bemoaned not having him stay in bounds and killing more time after the Jets called their last timeout with 2:09 remaining.
After Chubb scored, Browns rookie kicker Cade York, who made a 58-yard field goal in the final seconds to beat Carolina last week, pushed his extra point to the right.
Leading 30-17, Cleveland's defense had a major breakdown as Jets wide receiver Corey Davis got behind the secondary and Flacco hit him with a 66-yard TD left to pull the Jets within 30-24 and give them hope.
 said Flacco, who improved to 18-3 against the Browns. 
It was a demoralizing loss for the Browns, who were on the cusp of going 2-0 for the first time since 1993, when Bill Belichick was their coach.
Brissett, starting while Deshaun Watson serves his 11-game NFL suspension for alleged sexual misconduct, threw a TD pass to Amari Cooper and finished 22 of 27 for 229 yards.
Zuerlein's 57-yard field goal with 14:19 left tied it at 17 for the Jets. The kick matched the longest in franchise history by Chandler Catanzaro against the Browns in 2017.
Chubb scored on runs of 4, 7 and 12 yards.
Browns: Brissett expects to play Thursday against Pittsburgh. ... DE Jadeveon Clowney left the stadium in a walking boot after injuring his right ankle in the third quarter. ... TE Harrison Bryant left after a scary collision with LB Kwon Alexander in the fourth but returned. ... RT Jack Conklin was inactive for the second straight week. The former All-Pro underwent knee surgery in December.
Jets: Continue their four-game AFC North swing to open the season by hosting Cincinnati on Sunday.
Browns: A short turnaround with a Thursday night home game against the Steelers.
