NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- — The Houston Texans gave themselves a confidence boost winning without injured quarterback C.J. Stroud and several other key players.
Ka'imi Fairbairn kicked a 54-yard field goal as time expired in overtime and the Texans — with backup Case Keenum at quarterback — rallied from a 13-point deficit to beat the Tennessee Titans 19-16 Sunday.
 said Texans running back Devin Singletary, whose 34-yard touchdown in OT was wiped out by a holding call. 
The Texans left their standout rookie quarterback in Houston in the concussion protocol. Others missing included top receiver Nico Collins, right tackle George Fant and a pair of defensive starters including end Will Anderson Jr., the No. 3 overall draft pick.
This was Keenum's first start since Week 17 of the 2021 season for Cleveland. He filled in for Stroud and shook off an early pick-6 by Elijah Molden and four sacks. Keenum threw for 229 yards and a touchdown. Keenum helped Houston outgain the Titans 340-204.
The loss eliminated the Titans (5-9) from playoff contention along with clinching a second straight losing record under coach Mike Vrabel.
Titans rookie quarterback Will Levis left with 1:49 left in overtime after being sacked for the seventh time with his left leg caught underneath him in the pile. He didn’t put pressure on the leg as he was helped off initially, then walked off. He was jogging on the sideline after a check in the medical tent.
Fairbairn had just missed the last five with an injured quadriceps muscle, and he helped the Texans claw back. He made field goals of 23, 27 and 53 yards as the offense stalled close to the goal line.
Keenum drove the Texans to their lone touchdown with 3:03 left, helping tie it at 16 and force overtime. He found Noah Brown for a 3-yard TD pass.
Singletary ran for 121 yards and nearly finished the game with a 34-yard TD run in the final seconds of overtime. His run was wiped out by a holding call on John Metchie, setting up Fairbairn’s field goal.
The Texans also spoiled a day where the Titans wore their Oilers’ throwbacks against the team that replaced them in Houston. The oil derrick logo team founder Bud Adams brought with him to Tennessee in 1997 was at midfield with that nickname in both end zones and decorating the walls along the field.
Earl Campbell, the Pro Football Hall of Fame running back with the Oilers and the NFL MVP in 1979, attended and visited pregame with the franchise’s current rushing leader Eddie George and current running back Derrick Henry.
Titans cornerback Sean Murphy-Bunting never returned after hurting a hip. Titans tight end Trevon Wesco hurt an ankle with 12:01 left and walked straight to the locker room. Starting linebacker Azeez Al-Shaair went down in the fourth quarter but returned.
