PITTSBURGH -- — Brock Purdy spent months rehabbing his surgically repaired right elbow and an entire training camp wondering if he could regain the magic he summoned so improbably — and so regularly — during his remarkable rookie season a year ago.
Operating the offense with precision and a dash of daring that took him from  to the NFC championship game last season, Purdy threw for 220 yards and a pair of touchdowns to Brandon Aiyuk — both with Steelers cornerback Patrick Peterson in coverage — to calm any doubts about whether his stunning rise in 2022 was a fluke.
What Peterson got instead was a close-up look at Aiyuk celebrating in the end zone. Peterson slipped in the first quarter when Aiyuk darted inside for an 8-yard touchdown. He was in perfect position in the second quarter when Aiyuk when streaking down the sideline.
Purdy aimed for Aiyuk's back shoulder and Aiyuk did the rest, somehow keeping his feet in bounds for a 19-yard score as the 49ers (1-0) quickly built a 20-point lead and never looked back.
Peterson credited the 49ers for a solid game plan, but also pointed out he did knock down a pair of passes during other points in the game.
Christian McCaffery ran for 151 yards and caught three passes for 17 more for the 49ers (1-0), who looked every bit the dominant force they were down the stretch last season when Purdy took over at quarterback.
Bosa, a handful of days removed from signing the richest contract ever awarded to a defensive player, had two tackles and a quarterback hit. The 49ers didn't need the reigning AP Defensive Player of the Year to wreak his unique brand of havoc to keep the Steelers and second-year quarterback Kenny Pickett in check.
San Francisco had five sacks — three of them by second-year defensive lineman Drake Jackson — and intercepted Pickett twice to dim the budding optimism in Pittsburgh after he led the first-team offense to five touchdowns in as many drives during in three exhibition appearances.
While Purdy cruised, Pickett stumbled. He completed 31 of 46 passes for 232 yards, the vast majority of the yardage coming with the Steelers hopelessly behind.
Then again, Pickett was hardly alone. The Steelers didn't get their initial first down until Najee Harris ran for 24 yards with less than two minutes to go in the opening half. That drive ended with Pickett throwing a 3-yard dart to Pat Freiermuth for a touchdown that briefly cut the deficit to 20-7.
Two plays into the second half McCaffrey darted left, spun around a defender and raced 65 yards down the sideline to restore San Francisco's 20-point advantage, getting escorted by lead blocks from Aiyuk and fellow wide receiver Ray-Ray McCloud on his way to the end zone.
Pittsburgh never threatened the rest of the way even with linebacker T.J. Watt getting three sacks to tie James Harrison's franchise record of 80 1/2. Watt pulled even with Harrison during a third-quarter takedown of Purdy. Harrison needed 177 games to set the record. Watt matched in just 88.
Steelers: Longtime DT Cameron Heyward left in the second quarter with a groin injury and did not return. ... WR Diontae Johnson left in the third quarter after tweaking his right hamstring following a 26-yard gain. ... RT Chuks Okorafor left in the fourth quarter and will likely be going into the concussion protocol.
