JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- — The San Francisco 49ers are Super Bowl contenders once again.
Brock Purdy threw three touchdown passes, including a 66-yarder to George Kittle, and the Niners seemingly fixed all their woes with a 34-3 drubbing of the streaking Jaguars on Sunday.
 defensive tackle Arik Armstead said. "We have an extremely high standard for ourselves. Bigger than any people or any outside people can put on us.
Deebo Samuel returned from a three-game absence and added a 23-yard scoring run for the 49ers (6-3), who stopped Jacksonville’s five-game winning streak and reestablished themselves as a favorite in the NFC.
San Francisco dominated both lines of scrimmage and controlled the game from the opening drive. The Niners ran for 144 yards against one of the league’s top run defenses and sacked Trevor Lawrence five times. Nick Bosa was a menace all afternoon, and newly acquired defensive end Chase Young got in on one of the sacks.
The Jaguars (6-3), meanwhile, embarrassed themselves at every turn and looked nothing like a legit playoff contender. They had a five-possession stretch in which they fumbled, kicked a field goal, threw an interception, fumbled and threw another interception. Lawrence was responsible for three of the team’s four turnovers.
It was Jacksonville's worst home loss since a 45-10 blowout to the Los Angeles Chargers in 2019.
Kittle had three catches for 116 yards. Christian McCaffrey finished with 142 total yards, but his streak of consecutive games with a TD ended at 17 games, including the playoffs.
Added McCaffrey: It means a lot to me for them to keep me in the game at the end there and try to get me that record, but I’ll take a huge win.”
Purdy completed 19 of 26 passes for 296 yards, giving way to Sam Darnold in the fourth with a 148.9 QB rating. Purdy’s first TD pass was a shaky one to Brandon Aiyuk into double coverage, but he was much better the rest of the game.
Purdy threw five INTs during the team’s three-game skid but vowed to have better ball security coming out of the bye. It surely helped that Samuel and All-Pro left tackle Trent Williams were back in the lineup.
After scoring 17 points in each of their three losses, San Fran topped the 30-point mark for the sixth time this season — most in the NFL.
Jaguars receiver Christian Kirk had three plays he’d surely like to have back. Kirk overthrew running back Travis Etienne on a trick play in the second quarter, let a punt bounce that ended up getting downed at the 1-yard line on the ensuing possession and fumbled in the third.
Kirk still led the team with six catches for 104 yards.
