Stafford threw three touchdown passes as Los Angeles pulled away in the fourth quarter for a 36-19 win over the Cleveland Browns on Sunday.
Since returning from a thumb injury that caused him to miss 1 1/2 games, Stafford has eight TD passes and two interceptions in the Rams' last three games.
Stafford was 22 of 37 for 279 yards and connected with Puka Nacua, Demarcus Robinson and Cooper Kupp for scores.
Stafford lauded his offensive line, which did not allow a sack. Cleveland came into the game with the league's top-ranked defense and was fifth against the pass.
Nacua, who left the game briefly with a rib injury, finished with four receptions for 105 yards, including a 70-yard TD in the first quarter. He also had two rushes for 34 yards.
McVay said  after Nacua made a leaping grab for a 20-yard reception midway through the second quarter and landed hard on the right side of his body on the Browns’ sideline.
 said Nacua, who became the first Rams rookie receiver to reach 1,000 yards in a season.
The Rams led 20-19 with under seven minutes remaining when Flacco threw an ill-fated bomb that was intercepted by John Johnson III. The Rams safety, who was with the Browns for two seasons, returned it 42 yards to the Cleveland 24-yard line.
Five plays later, Kupp scored his first touchdown since Oct. 15 on a 3-yard pass to make it 27-19.
Kyren Williams had 21 carries for 88 yards, including a 1-yard TD late in the fourth quarter to put it out of reach.
Aaron Donald and rookie Kobie Turner combined to sack Flacco for a safety with 36 seconds to play.
Flacco was 23 of 44 for 254 yards with two touchdowns and an interception. The 38-year-old was signed on Nov. 20 to the practice squad and elevated to the active roster this week after Dorian Thompson-Robinson suffered a concussion in last Sunday's loss at Denver.
Flacco got off to a great start. He was 4 of 5 for 65 yards on the opening drive, including a 24-yard touchdown to a wide-open Jerome Ford.
Stafford eluded pressure and delivered a perfect pass to Nacua, who caught it in stride at the Cleveland 49 and outraced Kahlef Hailassie and Sione Takitaki to the end zone with 3:59 remaining in the first quarter for his fourth touchdown of the season.
Demarcus Robinson had a season-high four receptions for 55 yards, including his first touchdown with the Rams. Robinson eluded coverage and caught a 7-yard pass from Stafford with 39 seconds remaining in the third quarter.
Harrison Bryant took a dump-off pass from Flacco and scored from 8 yards out to get Cleveland within 20-19 with 8:56 remaining in the fourth, but Hopkins, who kicked at SoFi Stadium for parts of two seasons with the Los Angeles Chargers, was wide right on the extra point.
Browns: WR Amari Cooper suffered a concussion during the second quarter and did not return. ... CB Denzel Ward (shoulder) and WR Marquise Goodwin (concussion) were inactive with injuries.
