CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- — Minnesota Vikings safety Harrison Smith said he didn't come into Sunday's game expecting to be an integral part of the team's defensive pressure package.
The six-time Pro Bowl selection had three timely sacks, including a strip-sack of rookie Bryce Young that led to a momentum-changing 51-yard fumble return for a touchdown by D.J. Wonnum and the Vikings defeated the Carolina Panthers 21-13 on Sunday for their first win of the season.
Kirk Cousins overcame two interceptions, including one that was returned 99 yards for a touchdown, and threw two touchdown passes to Justin Jefferson and the Vikings finally found some positive momentum.
Alexander Mattison added 95 yards on the ground for Minnesota (1-3).
With the Vikings trailing 13-7 late in the third quarter, Smith raced in untouched on a blitz and sacked Young from behind, stripping him of the ball. The ball bounced off Young’s leg and careened further into the backfield where Wonnum scooped it up and scored.
Marcus Davenport sacked Young on third down on Carolina's next possession and Cousins found Jefferson along the left sideline for a 30-yard touchdown strike to give the Vikings a 21-13 lead on the final play of the third quarter.
But the Vikings turned to the safety blitz again and Smith sacked Young twice on the final three plays, including on fourth-and-goal at the 18, to seal the win. Minnesota finished with five sacks, all coming in the second half.
Young finished 25 of 32 for 204 yards for Carolina, falling to 0-3 as an NFL starter.
The winless Panthers (0-4) find themselves in a tremendous hole. Of the 164 teams that have started 0-4 in the Super Bowl era, only the 1992 Chargers went on to make the playoffs.
The Vikings entered the game with a league-high seven lost fumbles and last in the league turnover differential at minus-7.
That trend continued on the game's first possession when Cousins threw toward the left pylon and was intercepted by safety Sam Franklin, who returned it a Carolina franchise record 99 yards for a 7-0 lead.
Another Cousins interception late in the first half — this time after he was hit in the pocket by Yetur Gross-Matos as he was releasing the ball — led to Eddy Pineiro's 56-yard field goal giving Carolina a 13-7 lead at the half.
But the Panthers didn't score in the second half and were limited 121 yards after the break.
Running back Cam Akers made his Vikings debut and finished with 40 yards on five carries along with two catches for 11 yards. Akers was acquired in a trade with the Los Angeles Rams.
Adam Thielen finished with seven catches for 76 yards against his former team while battling through a mid-game ankle injury.
