Bagent led three touchdown drives in his first start with Justin Fields sidelined, D’Onta Foreman ran for two scores and caught a TD pass, and the Chicago Bears beat the Las Vegas Raiders 30-12 on Sunday.
The Bears (2-5) won for the second time in three games after dropping 14 in a row. They came out on top in a showdown of backup quarterbacks after both teams' starters were injured the previous week. Fields dislocated his right thumb in a loss to Minnesota, while Las Vegas’ Jimmy Garoppolo exited a win over New England with a back problem.
Brian Hoyer threw for 129 yards and two interceptions, and the Raiders (3-4) got blown out after winning back to back games.
Bagent — who debuted last week after Fields got knocked out of that game early in the second half — had family and friends at the game. He put on a steady performance for them, completing 21 of 29 passes for 162 yards and a TD, helping Chicago stop a 10-game home losing streak.
Foreman ran for 89 yards on 16 attempts and his first two touchdowns since signing with Chicago in March. He scored from the 2 in the first quarter and the 3 early in the second as the Bears grabbed a 14-0 lead, then caught a 5-yard TD in the third to make it 21-3.
DJ Moore caught eight passes for 54 yards.
Cairo Santos kicked a 54-yard field goal in the fourth quarter. Tremaine Edmunds had an interception that led to a touchdown run for Foreman, and Jaylon Johnson picked off two passes late in the game. He returned one against Hoyer 39 yards for a touchdown to make it 30-6 and then intercepted Chicago-area product Aidan O’Connell.
The offensive line held up for the most part against star edge rusher Maxx Crosby, who had one sack. The defense took the ball away three times while limiting Las Vegas to 235 yards, and the Bears secured their first victory at Soldier Field since Week 3 last season against Houston.
Hoyer completed 17 of 32 passes and posted a 37.1 passer rating after McDaniels opted to go with a 15-year veteran rather than a rookie. O’Connell was 10 of 13 for 75 yards with a touchdown and interception.
Davante Adams, usually a thorn in the Bears’ side, caught seven passes for 57 yards. The three-time All-Pro came in with 81 catches for 1,024 yards and 10 touchdowns in 16 games against Chicago.
Josh Jacobs ran for just 35 yards on 11 attempts.
Bears: S Jaquan Brisker got shaken up on a pick play defending a 2-point conversion pass attempt near the end of the game. Eberflus said he didn't know what the injury was.  he said, pointing to his right shoulder. 
