Prescott threw for 189 yards and two touchdowns, Bland tied an NFL record with his fourth pick-6 of the season and Dallas, a 10 1/2-point favorite, routed the Carolina Panthers 33-10 Sunday for their fourth win in the last five games.
Bland made a diving interception of Bryce Young near the sideline early in the fourth quarter, got up and raced 30 yards for a touchdown for a 30-10 lead. He tied a record shared by Philadelphia’s Eric Allen (1993), Kansas City’s Jim Kearney (1972) and Houston’s Ken Houston (1971).
He called this his best touchdown return yet because it was his most athletic, having to elude players en route to the end zone.
Bland is tied for second on the team in touchdowns, something that doesn't often happen for a cornerback in the NFL, particularly on a team with an offense as explosive as the Cowboys.
Tony Pollard ran for 61 yards and a touchdown, and CeeDee Lamb found the end zone again for his fifth score of the season for Dallas (7-3) in front of a predominantly pro-Cowboys crowd.
Young finished 16 of 29 for 123 yards, and the No. 1 draft pick threw his third pick-6 in the last three games. He also fumbled. The Panthers (1-9) are assured their sixth straight losing season since David Tepper took over as owner in 2018.
The Cowboys sacked Young seven times and limited the Panthers to 187 yards and 13 first downs in the first game since Reich resumed control of play-calling duties.
 said Cowboys coach Mike McCarthy of facing the Panthers, who have allowed 39 sacks in 10 games.
The Cowboys have averaged 33.6 points over the last five games, and Prescott entered Sunday with three straight games with at least 300 yards passing and three TDs. Dallas didn't need his aerial exploits, as Pollard ran the ball well and the defense did the rest against a lackluster Carolina offense.
Carolina's defense had two chances to get off the field, but the Panthers were twice flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct resulting in 30 penalty yards and two Dallas first downs. The first came when Amare Barno hit a sliding Prescott several yards short of the first down marker on a third down run. A few plays later, DeShawn Williams pushed Dallas' KaVontae Turpin in the back after an apparent third down stop.
Prescott made the Panthers pay with a 5-yard TD pass in the corner of the end zone to Lamb, giving Dallas a 17-3 lead heading into the locker room.
The Panthers got back into the game in the third quarter after Young converted three straight fourth downs, two of those on completions to Adam Thielen. The drive culminated in a 4-yard TD pass from Young to Tommy Tremble, only the third Carolina offensive touchdown in the last four games.
But Dallas answered immediately with a eight-play, 75-yard drive capped by a 21-yard touchdown burst from Pollard — his first score since Week 1 — to make it a 14-point game early in the fourth quarter.
