INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- — Russell Wilson and the Denver Broncos put themselves back in the AFC playoff race Sunday with a 24-7 victory over the Los Angeles Chargers, whose season continues to go further off the rails after quarterback Justin Herbert broke a finger in the first half.
Wilson completed 21 of 33 passes for 224 yards for two touchdowns, including a 46-yard TD to Courtland Sutton in the third quarter.
Denver has won six of seven, and the Broncos are one of six teams in the AFC at 7-6 and fighting for one of the last two playoff spots. They are on the outside due to a 4-5 conference record, but three of their final four games are against AFC opponents.
 Wilson said after the Broncos snapped an 11-game road losing streak against AFC West foes.
It is the second broken finger for Herbert this season. He fractured the middle finger of his left non-throwing hand during the second half against Las Vegas on Oct. 1.
Herbert was 9 of 17 for 96 yards with an interception before being injured, apparently while he was taken down awkwardly by Denver’s Zach Allen after throwing a pass. He tried to grip the ball on the sideline after that drive but wasn't able to do it properly.
Herbert had been sacked four times and hit six times during the Chargers’ first six possessions, with his teammates repeatedly missing their blocks against Denver’s pass rushers.
The Broncos defense finished with six sacks and a pair of turnovers. They also held the Chargers to a combined 1 of 18 on third- and fourth-down conversions.
Easton Stick completed 13 of 24 passes for 179 yards in Herbert's place. He had played two NFL snaps in five seasons with Los Angeles before replacing the Bolts’ franchise quarterback with 1:52 remaining in the second quarter. His best throw was a 57-yard strike to Quentin Johnston during the fourth quarter. Four plays later, Austin Ekeler put Los Angeles on the board with a 4-yard TD.
Denver had a 10-0 halftime lead and extended it with less than six minutes remaining in the third quarter on Wilson's connection to Sutton. On first-and-10 from the Chargers 46, Wilson had plenty of time before stepping up in the pocket and throwing a deep pass. Sutton made a one-handed catch near the back of the end zone while being covered by Michael Davis.
Keenan Allen became the fastest receiver in NFL history to reach 900 catches with six receptions for 68 yards. Allen, who was drafted in the third round by the Chargers in 2013, reached the milestone in 139 games, four games faster than Antonio Brown.
Denver took a 7-0 lead with five minutes remaining in the first quarter on Williams’ 3-yard run up the middle. The touchdown was set up when linebacker Jonathon Cooper picked off Herbert at the LA 7 after Herbert’s passes was batted at the line of scrimmage by Baron Browning.
The Chargers also had a red zone interception earlier in the first quarter but could not convert it into points. Davis made a diving pick on a pass intended for Marvin Mims Jr. at the Denver 13.
Los Angeles had fourth-and-3 at the Denver 6, but Gerald Everett couldn't catch Herbert's pass in the end zone.
