ARLINGTON, Texas -- — Dak Prescott and his right guard, Zack Martin, feasted on a turkey leg together on the sideline with six minutes left in the game after the star quarterback's fourth touchdown pass.
Bland set an NFL record with his fifth interception return for a touchdown this season, and the Cowboys extended their longest home winning streak in 42 years to 13 by pulling away for a 45-10 victory over the Washington Commanders on Thursday.
Dallas' lead going into the fourth quarter was less than two touchdowns for the first time in five home games this season, but the Cowboys (8-3) ended up tying a 55-year-old franchise record with a seventh victory by at least 20 points.
A Dallas defense that gave up more than 200 yards for the first time in three games stiffened at key points in the second half, stopping Washington on fourth down three times.
Sam Howell threw for 300 yards and had a rushing touchdown, but was sacked at his 24-yard line on fourth down early in the fourth quarter, setting up CeeDee Lamb’s touchdown and 2-point conversion catches for a 21-point Dallas lead.
Prescott threw for 331 yards in his fifth consecutive game with at least two TD passes, one shy of his career best. Rico Dowdle, Brandin Cooks and KaVontae Turpin had the other scoring grabs.
The 5-foot-7 Turpin jumped into an oversized Salvation Army kettle beyond the end zone — a move made famous by Ezekiel Elliott years ago — after his 34-yard score.
All of which paled compared to the frenzy over Bland breaking a tie with three players for his record, secured when he made Howell, McLaurin and running back Brian Robinson miss on tackles inside the 20.
The Cowboys were the first team since the 1990 Miami Dolphins to go 10 games into the season without allowing a 100-yard rusher, 100-yard receiver and 300-yard passer.
Howell and receiver Curtis Samuel (nine catches for 100 yards) ended that run, but the Cowboys won the turnover battle again (1-0) to go with the trio of fourth-down stops.
Prescott tied Tony Romo's team record with his 10th game of at least four touchdown passes. Three have come in the past five games, a stretch that includes 17 TD tosses and just two interceptions.
Dallas is now within five games of the 18-game winning streak at old Texas Stadium from 1979-81, when the Cowboys were in middle of an NFL-record run of 20 consecutive winning seasons.
Dallas kicker Brandon Aubrey missed an extra point for the second consecutive game. The miss in the 33-10 victory over Carolina ended a streak of 49 made field goals and PATs since Aubrey missed his first-ever kick on an extra point against the New York Giants in the opener.
The 28-year-old rookie still has his NFL-record run of 22 consecutive made field goals to start a career after hitting a 52-yarder.
Commanders RB Brian Robinson Jr. was evaluated for a concussion in the first half and cleared. ... Dallas S Jayron Kearse was inactive with a back issue after showing up on the injury report during the short week.
