ATLANTA -- — Baker Mayfield knew the Falcons would be devoting plenty of attention to Mike Evans and Chris Godwin.
So, with a chance to pull out a victory the Tampa Bay Buccaneers absolutely had to have, Mayfield looked elsewhere.
Cade Otton hauled in an 11-yard touchdown pass with 31 seconds remaining, capping a wild fourth quarter that pushed the Buccaneers into a tie for first place in the wobbly NFC South with a 29-25 victory over the Atlanta Falcons on Sunday.
Otton slipped away from safety Richie Grant to make the winning catch in the back left corner of the end zone.
With a chance to put together their first three-game winning streak since 2019 and, more important, move a big step toward their first playoff appearance in six seasons, the Falcons (6-7) rallied for a 25-22 lead with a pair of TDs in the final period.
Bouncing back from two first-half turnovers, Desmond Ridder shrugged off Joe Tryon-Shoyinka to score on a 6-yard run with 3:23 remaining. A pass to Drake London for the 2-point conversion gave the Falcons a field-goal cushion.
It wasn't enough, even on a day when Mayfield completed just 14 of 29 for 144 yards. There's now a three-way tie atop the division, with the New Orleans Saints also at 6-7 after a victory over Carolina.
The Buccaneers put together a 12-play, 75-yard drive that included Rachaad White plowing for 2 yards on fourth-and-1 and Mayfield hooking up with Chris Godwin on a 32-yard pass on third-and-10 to the Atlanta 15.
Two plays later, it was Mayfield-to-Otton for the win against an Atlanta defense that did not allow a touchdown in the two previous games.
The Falcons got one last shot from the Tampa Bay 31, but Drake London was smothered 3 yards shy of the end zone after hauling in Ridder's pass down the middle.
Mayfield ran for Tampa Bay's first touchdown and threw for two more scores, also connecting with White on a short pass that the running back took for a 31-yard score late in the third quarter to give Tampa Bay a 19-10 lead.
Tampa Bay's defense came up big in the first half. Carlton Davi s intercepted a pass at the Atlanta 8 to set up Mayfield's 1-yard scoring run, and Antoine Winfield Jr. forced a fumble by the Atlanta quarterback that resulted in a safety.
Winfield became only the second defensive back since 2000 with at least three sacks, three forced fumbles and three fumble recoveries in a single season. Pro Football Hall of Famer Brian Dawkins compiled those lofty numbers in 2002.
Atlanta's lone touchdown of the first half came on the very next play after Tampa Bay safety Ryan Neal went out with an injury.
Kyle Pitts found a seam in the zone and broke free to grab a 36-yard scoring pass from Ridder, who finished 26 of 40 for 347 yards passing.
Coming off a game where he failed to make a catch for the first time since 2018, Godwin was on the receiving end of perhaps the biggest play of the day.
That 32-yard reception sure felt good.
 said Godwin, who had a team-high five receptions for 53 yards. 
Already missing center Drew Dalman (ankle) and right tackle Kaleb McGary (knee), they lost tackle Jake Matthews to a knee injury in the first half.
Three other three defensive starters — cornerback Jamel Dean (ankle/foot), inside linebacker Devin White (foot) and nose tackle Vita Vea (toe) — did not suit up.
Younghoe Koo missed two field goals in the first half, more than he had missed all season. That came back to haunt the Falcons in the end.
Koo's 50-yard attempt ricocheted off the right upright, snapping a streak of 19 consecutive field goals since what had been his lone miss in Week 3 at Detroit.
Then, on the final play of the first half, Koo pulled a 52-yarder wide left of the upright. He did connect from 20 yards and is now 25 of 28 on the season.
