Jevon Holland returned an intercepted first-half Hail Mary attempt 99 yards for a score, Raheem Mostert ran for two touchdowns, and the Dolphins cruised past the New York Jets 34-13 in the NFL's first game played on Black Friday.
Tua Tagovailoa was intercepted twice, including one returned for a score by Brandin Echols, but Miami was in control for most of the game. The Dolphins (8-3) cushioned their lead atop the AFC East by sending the Jets (4-7) to their fourth straight loss.
Tagovailoa finished 21 of 30 for 243 yards with the TD to Hill and the two INTs.
Tim Boyle started at quarterback for the Jets in place of the benched Zach Wilson, but New York's stagnant offense failed to get much going other than Boyle's 1-yard TD pass to Garrett Wilson with 4:37 remaining.
 said Boyle, who was sacked seven times.
The Dolphins took a 10-0 lead when Tagovailoa connected with Hill, who avoided a tackle attempt by Jordan Whitehead and zipped into the end zone for a 7-yard touchdown with 8:21 left in the second quarter.
 said Hill, who couldn't haul in a TD toss on fourth down on the Dolphins' opening possession.
Hill's touchdown catch was his 10th of the season, making him the first Dolphins player since Mike Wallace in 2014 to have double-digit TD receptions.
On first-and-10 from the Dolphins 27, Tagovailoa threw a short pass intended for Braxton Berrios, but Echols jumped the route, intercepted the toss and took it to the end zone.
Instead of taking a knee and going into halftime down by 4, coach Robert Saleh opted for a Hail Mary — and it went embarrassingly wrong.
Boyle's throw to the end zone was picked off by Holland, who took off down the field, weaved his way past some would-be Jets tacklers — including Boyle — and took it in untouched.
Mostert's 13-yard touchdown run on the first play of the fourth quarter gave the Dolphins a 27-6 lead — and tempers flared after that.
There was some pushing and shoving between several players after the extra point and the Jets' C.J. Mosley and Micheal Clemons were flagged for personal fouls — including Clemons appearing to inadvertently make contact with an official. Clemons was ejected. Dolphins right tackle Austin Jackson was also kicked out of the game.
Mostert added a 34-yard TD run with 3:35 left.
Hill finished with nine catches for 102 yards and the TD, while Waddle caught eight passes for 114 yards. ... Hill has 1,324 yards receiving, breaking Julio Jones’ record (1,305) for the most yards receiving in the first 11 games of a season since the AFL-NFL merger in 1970. ... Boyle, making his fourth NFL start and first since the 2021 season with Detroit, was 27 of 38 for 179 yards and a TD with two interceptions.
