Bijan Robinson caught a touchdown pass in his debut and set up another score with a long run, giving the Atlanta rookie immediate bragging rights over Carolina's Bryce Young as the Falcons opened with season with a 24-10 victory over the Panthers on Sunday.
Young was intercepted twice by Jessie Bates and didn't complete a pass longer than 14 yards, hardly what was expected of the former Alabama star after the Panthers traded up to get him at No. 1.
Robinson, whose high selection by the Falcons bucked those who say running backs aren't worth a first-round pick, showed his versatility by taking a swing pass for an 11-yard touchdown.
He also broke off a 21-yard dash that set up Atlanta's go-ahead TD: Tyler Allgeier's 3-yard run in the opening minute of the fourth quarter.
Allgeier sealed the victory with another 3-yard TD run with just under five minutes remaining.
Desmond Ridder, who started the final four games of his rookie season to set up his first full year at the helm in Atlanta, was sacked four times and finished 15 of 18 for just 116 yards.
It was an even grimmer outing for Young, whose Heisman Trophy-winning college career prompted the Panthers to trade a hefty package, including receiver D.J. Moore, to make him the first of three quarterbacks selected in the first four spots of the draft.
One of his few highlights came in the second quarter, when he hooked up with Hayden Hurst for his first career touchdown on a 4-yard scoring play to leave the game knotted 7-7 at halftime.
He was intercepted on a pair of nearly identical throws across the middle, both times failing to pick up Bates lurking in the vicinity. Young also had a fumbled exchange, took a delay of game penalty and was sacked twice.
He finished 20 of 38 for 146 yards and failed to become the first quarterback since David Carr in 2002 to win his starting debut after being selected at the top of the draft. The last 15 quarterbacks with that honor are now 0-14-1 in their first starts.
Adam Thielen, one of the receivers brought in by Carolina to fill the void atter Moore was traded, said one loss won't erode the team's confidence in Young.
Robinson's first NFL TD was one to remember, set up by Bates' first interception that gave Atlanta the ball at the Panthers 17.
Taking a short pass from Ridder, the rookie faked out linebacker Frankie Luvu, smashed through two would-be tacklers and burst into the end zone.
The two-time Pro Bowler seemed to spend about as much time in the Falcons backfield as Ridder. Burns had 1 1/2 sacks, another hit on the quarterback, and planted Robinson for a big loss.
