It only took one pass.
 said Cooper, who hauled in Watson's pass in the first quarter for a 59-yard gain. 
Watson had two touchdown passes — one to Cooper on a ricochet off an Arizona helmet — in just his second start in five weeks and the Browns stuffed the Cardinals, holding them to 58 yards in a 27-0 win Sunday.
While there were moments of rust and he looked indecisive at times coming off the layoff, Watson showed he can withstand some punishment while completing 19 of 30 passes for 219 yards — 139 to Cooper.
The Browns (5-3) overwhelmed rookie Clayton Tune and the Cardinals (1-8) from the start. The Browns recorded seven sacks with Dalvin Tomlinson getting to Tune 2 1/2 times.
Watson, who gave the Browns hope he was ready by practicing three straight days this week, connected with Cooper on an 11-yard scoring pass. He also hooked up with tight end David Njoku on a 5-yarder.
Kareem Hunt had a 3-yard TD run and Dustin Hopkins kicked two field goals for Cleveland.
And if being blasted by the Browns wasn't bad enough for the Cardinals, Dobbs had quite the debut for Minnesota, coming off the bench and leading the Vikings to a win over Atlanta.
Tune couldn't get anything going against the Browns, who pressured him on virtually every snap. He completed 11 of 20 passes for 58 yards with two interceptions.
The Browns barely let him breathe. Arizona had just 31 yards at halftime as the Cardinals' six first-half possessions went punt, punt, punt, interception, punt and punt. It didn't get much better after halftime.
The Browns led 13-0 at the break on the strength of two field goals by Hopkins and a fluky touchdown, which came after Denzel Ward picked off Tune.
A week ago, the Browns were victimized by a similar play when a late pass by backup QB P.J. Walker bounced off the helmet of a blitzing Seattle defender and was picked off, setting up the Seahawks' comeback win.
Cooper also hauled in a 49-yard pass from Watson on a play the pair designed on the sideline.
Arizona's 58 yards were the third-fewest allowed by the Browns in team history. Cleveland gave up 47 to Chicago in 2021 and 53 to Pittsburgh in 1989.
Browns: Starting LT Jedrick Wills Jr. left on crutches and his right leg immobilized after being carted off in the third quarter. ... WR Marquise Goodwin left with a head injury early in the third quarter. He was assisted from the field and taken straight to the locker room for evaluation and treatment.
