Dobbs threw two touchdown passes, including a go-ahead 6-yarder to Brandon Powell with 22 seconds remaining, and also ran for a score five days after being acquired in a trade to help rally the Vikings past the Atlanta Falcons 31-28 on Sunday for their fourth straight win.
Minnesota (5-4) overcame the loss of rookie quarterback Jaren Hall to a concussion in the first quarter. Hall had taken all the first-team practice snaps this week as the Vikings adjusted to the loss of veteran Kirk Cousins for the season with a torn Achilles tendon.
Dobbs led the go-ahead drive after Tyler Allgeier’s 5-yard scoring run gave Atlanta the lead with 2:08 remaining. Dobbs had a 22-yard run on a fourth down play to keep the drive alive.
Dobbs' first series of plays began at the Minnesota 7 and ended with a third down sack by Calais Campbell in the end zone for a safety early in the second quarter. The sack gave Atlanta a 5-3 lead.
Dobbs overcame the ugly first series and made his case to keep the starting job. He completed 20 of 30 passes for 158 yards and two touchdowns and had seven carries for 66 yards and another score.
Taylor Heinicke was selected as Atlanta’s starter on Wednesday. Heinicke took over in the second half of last week’s 28-23 loss at Tennessee after Desmond Ridder was sacked five times and lost a fumble — his 10th turnover in the past five games.
The Falcons (4-5) took pressure off Heinicke when the game was on the line, running the ball on the final 12 plays of their 13-play, go-ahead touchdown drive. That included five consecutive runs by Allgeier.
Heinicke threw a 60-yard touchdown pass to tight end Jonnu Smith to give the Falcons a 21-13 lead in the third quarter. Dobbs' 18-yard scoring run and 2-point pass to Trishton Jackson tied the game.
Heinicke completed 21 of 38 passes for 268 yards with one touchdown and one interception and then threw a compliment to Dobbs.
Osborn was carted off the field with a concussion following a hit from Dee Alford, who was penalized for a personal foul, late in the first half. Osborn rose to his feet before sitting on the cart for the ride off the field. Vikings LT Christian Darrisaw was inactive after being downgraded to questionable on Saturday with a groin injury. David Quessenberry was the fill-in starter.
