INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- — On the second play of the second half, Cooper Kupp found himself running completely alone down the Commanders' sideline behind their NFL-worst pass defense.
Matthew Stafford still nearly overthrew his wide-open target, but Kupp made a fingertip catch to score the key touchdown Sunday for the Los Angeles Rams, who have grabbed almost every opportunity they've had over the past five weeks.
Stafford passed for 258 yards and hit Kupp and Demarcus Robinson for touchdowns, and the Rams hung on for a 28-20 victory over freefalling Washington.
Kyren Williams overcame the first two lost fumbles of his NFL career to rush for 152 yards and a touchdown for the Rams (7-7), while Kupp's eight receptions for 111 yards were highlighted by that 62-yard catch.
With a late defensive stand that shut down Washington's impressive comeback under backup quarterback Jacoby Brissett, the Rams secured their fourth win in five games and pushed their way into NFC playoff position.
Robinson made a 23-yard TD catch early in the fourth quarter, and the Rams’ defense largely shut down the Commanders (4-10) until the final minutes. Los Angeles survived even after Brissett relieved Sam Howell and passed for 124 yards and two TDs on Washington's last two drives.
Curtis Samuel caught two TD passes, including a 3-yard grab with 1:46 to play for Washington, which still lost its fifth straight game. The Commanders were eliminated from playoff contention for the seventh time in eight seasons.
 said Terry McLaurin, who had six catches for a career-high 141 yards and a touchdown. 
Howell passed for 102 yards and threw a 19-yard TD pass to Samuel in the third quarter for the Commanders’ first points. Ron Rivera's club then had two more rough drives before Brissett gave it a jolt.
McLaurin caught a 29-yard TD pass and then made a 48-yard reception — Washington's first pass play all season longer than 40 yards — at the Los Angeles 1 with 4:47 to play.
Thanks to some sketchy clock management, a touchdown taken off the board by offensive pass interference and a drive-extending pass interference call on fourth down against Los Angeles' Derion Kendrick, the Commanders took eight snaps without scoring before Brissett's TD pass to Samuel more than three minutes later.
 said Rams safety John Johnson, who intercepted Howell's last pass. 
The Commanders also wasted their only early scoring chance when Howell's pass was batted down by Nick Hampton on fourth down at the Los Angeles 12.
Commanders: P Tress Way was slow getting up after he was hit while falling on a terrible snap late in the first half. He was evaluated for a concussion and a back injury, but returned in the second half. ... LT Charles Leno Jr. left in the second half with a calf injury. ... Leading rusher Brian Robinson Jr. sat out with a hamstring injury incurred before the bye.
