Gardner Minshew threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to Michael Pittman with 2:31 left in overtime and the Colts beat the Tennessee Titans 31-28 Sunday for their fourth straight victory to keep pace in the playoff race in the AFC.
The Colts (7-5) had to score a touchdown after Nick Folk made a 46-yard field goal with 4:19 left in overtime to put Tennessee up 28-25.
Tennessee (4-8) lost its first true home game this season and has yet to win consecutive games overall.
Special teams helped the Colts score 10 points off Nick Cross' blocked punt that Grant Stuard returned 18 yards for a TD late in the third quarter. Then Tony Brown forced a fumble on Stonehouse’s next punt attempt, running into his left leg.
Minshew threw for 312 yards and two touchdowns as he won his fourth straight game for the first time in his five NFL seasons. Pittman finished with 11 catches for 105 yards with the game-winning TD, and Alec Pierce had three receptions for 100 yards and a TD.
The Colts sacked rookie Will Levis six times despite being outgained 381-355. Tennessee held the ball for more than 38 minutes.
The Colts had first-and-goal four times in regulation only to settle for three of Matt Gay’s four field goals. They lost a fumble on another trip. 
Gay’s fourth field goal, a 28-yarder, came with 11:34 left off Brown’s forced fumble on Stonehouse’s punt attempt.
This was a costly loss for Tennessee.
Derrick Henry ran for 102 yards and two touchdowns before leaving early in the fourth quarter to be evaluated for a concussion. He went to the locker room and never returned.
The two-time NFL rushing champ tied Marshawn Lynch with his first TD run of the game. Then he tied Priest Holmes with his second, a 5-yarder early in the second quarter, at No. 15 all time with the 86th rushing TD of his career.
Going to overtime was only the capper on a wild day. The Colts tried a 2-point conversion after Stuard's TD off the blocked punt. Minshew's pass was intercepted by Amani Hooker who went the distance giving Tennessee two points.
Levis fumbled early trying to pass, and the Titans rookie quarterback recovered after Colts safety Julian Blackmon couldn't hold onto the ball.
Folk had to punt twice and averaged 39 yards. The 39-year-old veteran said this was his first punt in the NFL since his college days at Arizona, 
The Colts visit Cincinnati to wrap up a two-game road swing.
