INGLEWOOD, Calif -- — With their $252.5 million quarterback wearing a splint on his non-throwing hand and down three starters on defense, the Los Angeles Chargers found a way to gut out their second straight win.
The Chargers had a 17-point halftime lead, but needed a late stop on defense and a clutch throw from Justin Herbert in the final three minutes to pull out a 24-17 victory over the Las Vegas Raiders on Sunday.
Khalil Mack set a franchise single-game record with six sacks and Herbert accounted for three touchdowns in the first half.
It wasn't the only time Herbert was roughed up. He took a late hit from Raiders defensive tackle Jerry Tillery on the sideline after a 3-yard scramble during the second quarter. Tillery, a Chargers first-round pick in 2019, was ejected.
Herbert had career lows in completions (13), attempts (24) and yardage (167) — but those totals included a big throw in the fourth quarter. He hit Joshua Palmer for 51 yards up the left sideline on third-and-10 from the Chargers 11 to ice the game.
Mack became the sixth player to have at least six sacks in a game since sacks became an official statistic in 1982. The record is seven, by Kansas City's Derrick Thomas in 1990.
The Chargers were missing safeties Derwin James Jr. and Alohi Gilman and linebacker Joey Bosa.
Las Vegas was driving for the tying touchdown when Asante Samuel Jr. picked off Aidan O'Connell's pass at the Chargers 2-yard line with 2:33 remaining.
O'Connell, who got the start with Jimmy Garoppolo in the concussion protocol, completed 24 of 38 passes for 238 yards and an interception. Josh Jacobs had 139 scrimmage yards, including 81 receiving, and a touchdown.
Herbert's 12-yard keeper to complete the game's opening drive made him the fifth player in NFL history to have at least 100 passing touchdowns and 10 rushing scores in the first four seasons of a career.
A pair of fumbles by O'Connell led to Los Angeles' second-quarter touchdowns. The Chargers extended their lead to 17-7 when Herbert connected with Keenan Allen for a 7-yard TD. The Chargers had taken over on the Raiders 36 after Chris Rumph recovered O'Connell's fumble.
Six plays after Mack's strip-sack and Austin Johnson's recovery at the Raiders 35, Herbert put it over the goal line on fourth down from the 1 to make it 24-7.
Daniel Carlson's 22-yard field goal got Las Vegas within two touchdowns late in the third quarter. Jacobs went up the middle on fourth-and-goal from the 1 with 3:59 remaining to get the Raiders within 24-17.
