That's why Tabor had running back Chuba Hubbard intentionally take a dive before the goal line after picking up a first down, rather than trying to score a touchdown in order to run more time off the clock.
And it's why he had Bryce Young take a knee on three straight snaps before sending Pineiro on the field to win the game on a slick, rain-soaked field with :01 showing on the clock.
Pineiro rewarded his coach by calmly kicking a 23-yard field goal as time expired as the Panthers defeated Atlanta 9-7 amid a steady downpour Sunday, dealing the Falcons' playoff hopes a huge blow.
Young threw for 167 yards in his second NFL win and Hubbard ran for 87 yards on 22 carries for Carolina.
Young, who had struggled all afternoon, led the Panthers on a 17-play, 90-yard drive that took the final 7:35 off the clock.
The win snapped a six-game losing streak for the Panthers (2-12).
Ridder finished 12 of 22 for 152 yards with one touchdown and the one costly pick. Bijan Robinson also had a costly turnover for Atlanta in the second half.
The Falcons broke a scoreless tie in the second quarter when Ridder connected with a wide-open Jonnu Smith for a 56-yard reception, setting up a 2-yard shovel pass to Cordarrelle Patterson.
Carolina had a chance to tie it late in the first half, but the drive ended in the red zone with Young taking his 50th sack of the season. The Panthers were forced to settle for Pineiro's 34-yard field goal, marking the fifth straight game they've scored just three points in the first half.
Late in the third quarter Troy Hill stripped Robinson of the ball and Brian Burns recovered at the Falcons 24. But the normally sure-handed Adam Thielen dropped a would-be touchdown pass and the Panthers had to settle for Pineiro's 25-yard field goal, cutting the lead to 7-6.
Ridder's ill-advised interception gave the Panthers one last chance.
The No. 1 overall pick was 5 of 5 for 68 yards on the final drive, including 20-yard pass to fellow rookie Jonathan Mingo on third-and-3 to move the chains.
Panthers: cornerback Donte Jackson left the game early in the fourth quarter with a back injury after making a tackle on Drake London.
