Fortunately, their rookie quarterback has a two-time NFL rushing champ in Derrick Henry.
Henry ran for two touchdowns and 76 yards, helping the Titans snap a three-game skid by beating the Carolina Panthers 17-10 on Sunday.
Henry became the eighth running back in NFL history to run for at least 9,000 yards and at least 80 touchdowns before turning 30. He also moved past Corey Dillon and Jim Taylor for sole possession of 17th all time with now 84 rushing TDs for his career. He is one from tying Marshawn Lynch at No. 16.
Arden Key had a sack and forced fumble recovered by two-time Pro Bowl defensive lineman Jeffery Simmons, who also had one of four sacks by Tennessee. Denico Autry had two, the second just two plays before the Titans forced the Panthers to turn the ball over on downs with 1:55 left to seal the victory.
 Vrabel said of safety Amani Hooker's tackle of DJ Chark for no gain on fourth-and-6.
Rookie Will Levis threw for 185 yards and improved to 2/3 as a starter. He was sacked only once behind an offensive line featuring a pair of rookies with left tackle Jaelyn Duncan in his first NFL start beside left guard Peter Skoronski.
Carolina (1-10) started a three-game road swing by losing its fourth straight. The Panthers now are 0-6 on the road. First-year coach Frank Reich's job security already was in question with billionaire owner David Tepper. Reich said feeling sorry for themselves won't help.
Young threw for 194 yards. The No. 1 overall pick in April’s draft helped Carolina hold the ball for much of the second half, but the Panthers managed to cap only one possession with Chuba Hubbard’s 5-yard TD run to open the third quarter pulling within 17-10.
Tennessee never trailed as Henry capped a 15-play, 91-yard drive that used up 9 minutes, 36 seconds of the first quarter with a 1-yard TD run.
The Panthers managed a 50-yard field goal from Eddy Pineiro. Key sacked Young and stripped him of the ball, which was recovered by Simmons. Henry converted the turnover into his second TD of the game, a 10-yard run.
Nick Folk put Tennessee up 17-3 at halftime with a 53-yard field goal.
Henry finished with 76 yards rushing, giving him 9,074 for his career making him the 38th in NFL history to reach that mark. Henry, who turns 30 in January, now is in even more exclusive company as the eighth with at least 9,000 yards and at least 80 rushing TDs. He joined Adrian Peterson, Barry Sanders, Emmitt Smith, Jim Brown, LaDainian Tomlinson, Eric Dickerson and Marshall Faulk.
Panthers continue the road swing at Tampa Bay on Sunday.
