Delivering on a promise to improve in his second NFL start, Thompson-Robinson completed four straight passes on a clutch drive to set up Dustin Hopkins' 34-yard field goal with 2 seconds left that gave Cleveland a 13-10 win over the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday.
With the crowd chanting  and Watson watching from Cleveland’s sideline in sweats, Thompson-Robinson, a fifth-round pick from UCLA, calmly completed four passes for 39 yards before Hopkins put away the Steelers (6-4).
It was a stunning turnaround for Thompson-Robinson, who until those final moments had done little to think he was capable of a comeback.
His stats weren't great — 24 of 43 for 165 yards with a pick — and he had a few passes dropped, but most importantly, Thompson-Robinson only had one turnover after throwing three picks in his debut on Oct. 1.
Pittsburgh was outgained for the 10th straight week and QB Kenny Pickett (106 yards) couldn't do much against Cleveland's top-ranked defense, which forced nine punts.
The Steelers fell to 49-15 against rookie QBs since 1970.
Steelers running back Jaylen Warren was one of the few bright spots with a career-high 129 yards, including a 74-yard TD run.
Pittsburgh turned to its always reliable defense in the second half and did a nice job shutting down Thompson-Robinson until the final moments.
Cleveland took over at its own 35 with 1:18 left and the rookie QB completed passes of 15, 5, 8 and 11 yards to move the Browns to Pittsburgh's 34. The Steelers were called for a neutral zone infraction, moving the ball closer for Hopkins' winner.
The Steelers inexplicably took Warren off the field for one series before he had two nice runs to set up Chris Boswell's 28-yard field goal that tied it at 1 with 7:40 left.
After gaining just 64 yards in the first half, the Steelers picked up 74 on their second snap of the third quarter.
Warren took a quick pitch, made a cut on the right side, stepped through cornerback Greg Newsome II's tackle attempt and outran all of Cleveland's defenders for Pittsburgh's longest play this season.
Garrett set the tone for Cleveland's defens e, sacking Pickett on Pittsburgh's first play and dropping him in the end zone for an apparent safety. However, the officials ruled the Steelers QB's forward progress was at the 1, and Stefanski was too late in challenging the call.
Stefanski was quicker with his flag a few minutes later, getting Jerome Ford's short run from the 1 changed from a goal-line stop to a touchdown.
The 38-year-old Flacco will give Cleveland an experienced QB to back up Thompson-Robinson or serve as a mentor. Flacco went 17-3 in his career against the Browns when he was with Baltimore and helped the New York Jets pull off a stunning win in Cleveland last season.
