DENVER -- — For once, Nathaniel Hackett relished Russell Wilson's mistakes and basked in the boos raining down from the stands in Denver.
They won behind Breece Hall's 72-yard touchdown run and Bryce Hall's 39-yard game-sealing scoop-and-score after Quincy Williams' second sack of the day, but it was Hackett who was presented with a game ball afterward.
 said Breece Hall, whose long touchdown run on the Jets' second snap of the second half gave them the lead for good. "He stayed quiet, he stayed humble, respectful. So we wanted to come in and get a win today for him and we did that.
The Jets (2-3) overcame a sloppy, chippy first half to snap a three-game skid and hand the Broncos (1-4) their third home loss in three tries under Payton, who drew widespread criticism for excoriating Hackett and also throwing shade at the Jets in an interview with USA Today in July.
Payton deflected questions about the brouhaha all week and again in his terse postgame news conference.
The Broncos went three and out on four of their first five drives after halftime and the other possession resulted in a lost fumble on the second snap.
Then, Wilson led the Broncos to a touchdown and 2-point conversion to make it 24-21 late in the fourth quarter. Patrick Surtain II’s interception of Zach Wilson’s pass to Garrett Wilson gave the Broncos the ball back at their 3 with 2:14 left.
The Broncos were moving toward in field goal range when Williams collected his second sack. The ball popped loose toward the Jets sideline and Bryce Hall left the receiver he was covering, scooped up the bouncing ball and sealed it with his touchdown return.
A frustrated Payton, who watched his offense produce a net 18-yard loss on its first five second-half drives, angrily addressed his quarterback as Wilson retreated to the sideline, having gone 20 of 31 for 196 yards and two TDs with four sacks.
Hall ran for 177 yards on 22 carries Sunday, a whopping 8 yards per carry. It was nearly a year ago when Breece Hall's promising rookie season ended at this very stadium when he blew out his left knee after scampering for a 62-yard score.
Zach Wilson, making his fourth straight start in place of the injured Aaron Rodgers, was 19 of 26 for 199 yards and the interception.
