ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- — Broncos kicker Wil Lutz made good on his do-over field-goal attempt, much like Denver has done in rebounding from one of its most embarrassing defeats in franchise history.
Getting a second chance after missing wide right from 41 yards thanks to Buffalo being flagged for too many players, Lutz connected on a 36-yard field goal attempt as time expired to secure a 24-22 win over the sloppy, turnover-prone Bills on Monday night.
The Broncos (4-5) have won three straight and four of six since a 70-20 loss at Miami. And they came out of their bye week carrying over the momentum of a 24-9 victory over Kansas City, which ended a 16-game skid against their AFC West rival.
 quarterback Josh Allen said after throwing two interceptions and losing a fumble.
McDermott called the too many men penalty to be  because it’s a situation the team practices at least two or three times a week.
 Lutz said. So, huge win. Just grateful I was able to get another kick there.”
Lutz made four field goals and Javonte Williams scored on a 3-yard run.
After Allen scampered for a 6-yard touchdown to give Buffalo its only lead with 1:55 left, Wilson responded by overseeing a 10-play, 57-yard drive to set up Lutz’s field goal for the his 42nd career game-winning drive -- the most among quarterbacks since 2012.
The key play of the drive came on third down and 10 from Buffalo’s 45 when Wilson — facing an all-out blitz — lobbed a pass deep over the middle intended for Jerry Jeudy, who was clearly interfered with by defensive back Taron Johnson.
Johnson was flagged for pass interference, giving Denver the ball at Buffalo’s 17.
After allowing 181 points in going 1-4 in their five outings, the Broncos have clamped down to allow 67 points in their past four. The Broncos have 16 takeaways over their past five outings.
Wilson finished 24 of 29 for 193 yards, including a perfectly placed 7-yard touchdown pass to Courtland Sutton. What initially appeared as if Wilson was simply throwing the ball out of bounds instead landed in Sutton’s hands, with the receiver able to get both feet in bounds. The play was initially ruled an incompletion before being overturned upon a replay review.
The Broncos forced four turnovers two weeks after forcing five against the Chiefs.
 safety Justin Simmons said of the Broncos' down-then-up season. 
Allen has turned the ball over in all but two games, and thrown an interception in six straight — the longest run of his career. He finished 15 of 26 for 177 yards, including a 22-yard touchdown to rookie tight end Dalton Kincaid.
The turnover-fest began on Buffalo’s first play from scrimmage when Denver’s Ja’Quan McMillan pried the ball out of the hands of running back James Cook to force a fumble. Allen followed up by ending Buffalo’s second drive by having his hard pass over the middle glance off the hands of receiver Gabe Davis, with the ball bouncing directly to Simmons for his 30th career interception.
Allen’s second interception came in the final minute of the first half, and on the first play from scrimmage after Lutz hit a 49-yard field goal to put Denver up 12-8.
Allen fluttered a pass up the left sideline that was easily intercepted by Fabian Moreau, which led to Lutz making a 40-yard field goal to close the half.
