Following a four-turnover season-opening dud at the New York Jets, a self-motivated Allen let loose with a near-perfect performance in leading the Bills to a 38-10 rout of the Las Vegas Raiders on Sunday.
Allen threw three touchdown passes in a game he opened by completing his first 13 attempts. Putting aside the over-aggressive tendencies that got him into trouble against the Jets, Allen established a rhythm by focusing on completing mostly short and easy attempts to finish 31 of 37 for 274 yards and no turnovers.
It was Allen's 21st outing with three or more touchdowns passing, and Buffalo improved to 13-4 in games following a loss since 2019.
Buffalo finished with 183 yards rushing, with Allen accounting for just 7. James Cook led the way with a career-best 123 yards — the most by a Bills running back since LeSean McCoy had 156 in December 2017.
The Raiders had few answers in a game they opened by scoring on Davante Adams’ 16-yard touchdown catch less than three minutes in, and then found themselves trailing 28-10 before their first possession of the third quarter.
Whatever chance Las Vegas had to get back into the game ended four plays from scrimmage later, when linebacker Matt Milano jumped in front of Josh Jacobs to intercept Jimmy Garoppolo’s pass at midfield.
The Raiders dropped to 1-1 following an outing in which Garoppolo finished 16 of 24 for 185 yards and was intercepted twice, and Jacobs, the NFL’s leading rusher last year, was limited to a career-worst minus-2 yards on nine carries. According to Elias Sports, it marked the first time since the NFL's merger that the league's defending rushing champion finished with negative yardage.
Allen completed passes to nine players, with Gabe Davis catching six for 92 yards and a touchdown. Tight end Dawson Knox and Khalil Shakir also caught touchdown passes, while Latavius Murray and Damien Harris scored a touchdown each rushing.
Linebacker Terrel Bernard also had an interception and Taylor Rapp recovered Zamir White’s fumble on what became the Raiders’ final possession, closing a week in which the Bills faced several off-field distractions.
Raiders: McDaniels had no update on Adams, who finished the game being evaluated with a head injury. . .. WR Jakobi Meyers (concussion protocol) did not play after the offseason free agent addition led the team with nine catches for 81 yards and two touchdowns in a season-opening win at Denver. ... DE Chandler Jones missed his second straight game over a dispute with management.
