He scored Sunday’s go-ahead touchdown.
Together, they helped the Jaguars end their misery at Indianapolis. Bigsby’s 1-yard scoring run with 5:14 left gave the defending AFC South champs the lead and Etienne’s 26-yard TD run following an interception closed out the 31-21 victory that snapped their five-game skid at Lucas Oil Stadium.
Officially, he logged seven carries for 13 yards and had no receptions. But the one touch that didn’t show up in the box score nearly turned him into the Week 1 goat. After casually catching a ball he thought was an incompletion, Colts linebacker Zaire Franklin punched it out and the Jags froze.
Defensive tackle DeForest Buckner alertly scooped up the bouncing ball, sprinted 26 yards and stretched the ball across the goal line for his second career TD and a 21-17 third quarter lead — perhaps the most bizarre strip-sack of Buckner’s career.
Jamal Agnew’s 48-yard punt return set up Jacksonville at the Colts 46-yard line three series later, allowing Bigsby to cap a 10-play drive by bulling his way into the end zone for a 24-21 lead with 5:14 to play.
When Colts rookie Anthony Richardson threw an interception on Indy’s next possession, Etienne answered with his own TD run. Game over.
Those final 10 minutes ruined what had been a solid debut for the 21-year-old Richardson. The third-youngest quarterback to start a season opener in NFL history was 24 of 37 with 223 yards, one TD and the interception while leading the Colts with 10 carries for 40 yards and another score before hurting his left knee on a run near the goal line. He watched the final 58 seconds from the sideline.
Lawrence was 24 of 32 with 241 yards and two scores and Calvin Ridley had eight catches for 101 yards and the Jags' first score. Etienne had 18 carries for 77 yards.
Eventually, Ridley was traded to the Jags and said earlier this week he didn't expect to be rusty. He caught seven passes for 92 yards and the score in the first half.
Indy was already thin at running back entering the game because of the absences of 2021 NFL rushing champ Jonathan Taylor and Zack Moss. Taylor is still on the physically unable to perform list following offseason ankle surgery. Moss was inactive with a broken right arm.
So when Evan Hull left with a left knee injury in the third quarter, the Colts were down to Deon Jackson and Jake Funk, who was activated from the practice squad for the game.
