Jacksonville can clinch the division with a victory next weekend. A loss to the Titans would hand the AFC South to the winner of the Houston-Indianapolis game.
Etienne was one of three Jaguars who reached career marks in what could amount to a get-right game. He became the franchise's first player since Maurice Jones-Drew in 2009 with at least 10 rushing touchdowns in a single season.
Evan Engram became the eighth tight end in NFL history to catch at least 100 passes in a regular season. Engram finished with six catches for 60 yards, giving him 104 on the year.
Josh Allen set the franchise record for single-season sacks with two in the first half. He finished with three in the ninth shutout in Jaguars history. With his second takedown of Bryce Young, Allen surpassed the previous mark of 14 ½ set by Calais Campbell in 2017.
Allen, with a little help from teammate Travon Walker, offered an homage to Campbell in his celebration. Allen pretended to swing a baseball bat to mimic Campbell's sack celebration.
Allen now has 44 career sacks, 11 shy of the franchise record held by Tony Brackens (1996-2003).
Lawrence had a front-row view for all the celebrations. He missed the game with a sprained throwing shoulder, ending his consecutive starts streak at 51.
C.J. Beathard completed 17 of 24 passes for 178 yards in his first start since 2020 and played turnover-free football, a rarity for Jacksonville. The Jaguars had 10 giveaways in their losing streak.
Etienne finished with 102 yards on the ground, with 62 of them coming on a scoring scamper early in the third quarter.
Bryce Young completed 19 of 32 passes for 112 yards, with an interception. He was sacked six times.
Starting linebacker Kamu Grugier-Hill handled kickoff duties for Carolina, although interim coach Chris Tabor didn’t ask Grugier-Hill to attempt a 39-yard field goal on the team’s opening drive. Instead, Tabor kept his offense on the field for a fourth-and-7 play in which Young was sacked.
Panthers: C Cade Mays (finger) was ruled out in the second half. ... Pass rusher Brian Burns (knee) and LB Frankie Luvu (bloody nose) returned after missing plays early. ... CB Donte Jackson was evaluated for a concussion and cleared in the first half.
Jaguars: WR Jamal Agnew injured his left ankle at the end of a 48-yard catch in the second quarter and was ruled out after halftime.
Panthers: End the season next weekend at home against Tampa Bay.
