PHILADELPHIA -- Carson Wentz tossed three touchdown passes and the NFL-leading Philadelphia Eagles beat the Chicago Bears 31-3 Sunday for their ninth straight win.

The Eagles (10-1) reduced their magic number to clinch the NFC East to one with their fourth consecutive win by at least 23 points and third in a row by exactly 28. Philadelphia would secure its first division title since 2013 if the Cowboys (5-6) lose or tie Washington on Thursday night.
Wentz had 227 yards passing, LeGarrette Blount ran for 97 yards and Zach Ertz caught 10 passes for 103 yards and one TD.
The defense dominated rookie quarterback Mitchell Trubisky and the inept Bears (3-8), holding them to zero first downs in the first half and 140 total yards in the game.
The Bears won the turnover battle (3-2), but couldn't do anything with excellent field position. They started consecutive drives at midfield and Philadelphia's 42 but Cairo Santos missed a 54-yard field goal.
Wentz threw a 17-yard TD pass to Ertz to give the Eagles a 7-0 lead on their second drive. Jay Ajayi ran 2 yards on fourth-and-1 to keep the drive going and Wentz connected with Alshon Jeffery for 14 yards on third-and-8 one play before the TD.
Wentz had a 15-yard TD pass to Nelson Agholor, who flipped over defenders into the end zone to make it 14-0 in the second quarter. Wentz spun away from a blitzer and ran 16 yards on third-and-9 to extend the drive. Then a holding penalty on Bears cornerback Prince Amukamara negated an incomplete pass on third-and-12, and the Eagles scored on the next play.
Another holding penalty on Amukamara gave the Eagles a first down late in the second quarter. Wentz then lofted an 8-yard TD pass to Jeffery to extend the lead to 24-0.
Ajayi ran 30 yards and fumbled at the Bears 5, but Agholor recovered in the end zone for a touchdown and a 31-3 lead.
STATS
Ertz is the first player to have 100 yards receiving for the Eagles this season. ... Jeffery had five receptions for 52 yards and one TD against his former team. ... Wentz is five TD passes away from setting a single-season team record. Sonny Jurgensen had 32 TD passes in 1961. ... Eagles are the only NFL team that hasn't allowed a TD in the first quarter this season. ... Bears were the first team not to get a first down in the first half of a game since the Chiefs against the Raiders in Week 15, 2012. ... Eagles have three receivers -- Ertz, Jeffery and Agholor -- with six or more TD receptions.
PERFECT STRIKE
After his TD catch, Jeffery went bowling and his teammates lined up as the pins. Jeffery did a fake roll and all the players went down in the end zone for a strike.
INJURIES
Bears: OL Josh Sitton entered concussion protocol. ... S Adrian Amos injured a hamstring.
Eagles: LB Joe Walker suffered a stinger in the second quarter.
UP NEXT
Bears: Host the San Francisco 49ers (1-9) next Sunday.
Eagles: Visit the Seattle Seahawks (6-4) next Sunday night
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
---
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP-RobMaaddi