GREEN BAY, Wis. --  Zane Gonzalez kicked a 44-yard field goal for Arizona with 1:41 left, Green Bay's Mason Crosby missed a 49-yard attempt as time expired and the Cardinals braved wintry conditions to hold on for a 20-17 win on Sunday.
Crosby pushed his kick wide right, with the flags atop Lambeau Field blowing in toward the field at the time of the kick.
The stunned Packers suffered another blow to their fading playoff hopes.
Cardinals rookie Josh Rosen struggled for much of the afternoon, but hit veteran wideout Larry Fitzgerald for a sliding 32-yard completion on third-and-23 to help set up Gonzalez's winning kick.
Arizona (3-9) won on the road for the first time since Oct. 7 at San Francisco.
Sputtering Green Bay (4-7-1) has lost three straight and five of six.
Aaron Rodgers was 31 of 50 for 233 yards and a touchdown. A couple throws looked off, especially in the first half, and receivers had a few drops.
The offense regained some swagger after Rodgers orchestrated a 95-yard drive that led to Aaron Jones' 8-yard touchdown run with 5:26 left, tying it at 17. Davante Adams tip-toed the sideline for a 19-yard catch to extend that drive.
But too many missed opportunities and drops caught up with the Packers in the end. They also struggled on third down, a season-long theme.
Rookie Chase Edmonds ran for two touchdowns for Arizona. Rosen was 11 of 26 for 149 yards.
RODGERS RECORD
A 16-yard completion to Adams with 13:42 left in the second quarter gave Rodgers the team record for attempts without an interception. Starr set the previous mark of 294 from 1964-65.
INJURY REPORT
Cardinals: LG Mike Iupati was carted off the field in the third quarter with a knee injury. Arizona was already starting rookies at center and right tackle.
Packers: RG Byron Bell and RT Bryan Bulaga each left in the second quarter with knee injuries.
UP NEXT
Cardinals: Host the Detroit Lions on Dec. 9.
Packers: Host the Atlanta Falcons on Dec. 9.
---
More AP NFL: https://apnews.com/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP-NFL