Released by the Browns in February after two seasons, McCown got some revenge on his former team by throwing two touchdown passes and leading the surprising Jets to a 17-14 win over the winless Browns and coach Hue Jackson, who benched rookie quarterback DeShone Kizer and is under more pressure after falling to 1-20.
McCown threw a 2-yard TD pass to Austin Seferian-Jenkins in the third quarter and a 24-yarder to Jermaine Kearse in the fourth to give the Jets a 17-7 lead en route to their third straight victory.
Kearse's TD capped a 97-yard drive after Jackson decided not to try a potential tying field goal -- rookie kicker Zane Gonzalez missed two attempts in the first half -- and went for it on fourth down.
However, running back Isaiah Crowell was stopped short by New York's defense and McCown moved the Jets down the field, helped by a 34-yard pass on third down to tight end Eric Tomlinson.
While the choice to shun the field goal was debatable, Jackson's conclusion to bench an ineffective Kizer for Kevin Hogan was the right move.
Hogan threw two touchdown passes, a 21-yarder to rookie tight end David Njoku and a 41-yarder to Duke Johnson in the final two minutes to pull the Browns within 17-14.
When the game ended, McCown chased down Jackson and put his arm around the embattled coach.
With his future growing cloudy, Jackson opened the second half with Hogan, who came into training camp as the team's forgotten No. 4 quarterback. Hogan brought a spark, driving the Browns to a touchdown -- and their first lead of the season -- on the opening possession of the third quarter.
Kizer was understandably upset following the game.
 said the second-round pick, who has nine interceptions and a league-low 49.5 rating. 
Kizer stood on the sideline next to Jackson wearing a baseball cap and blank expression as Hogan completed five straight passes, including his scoring pass to Njoku, who snared the pass with a diving, one-handed grab.
Garrett, who missed Cleveland's first four games with a high ankle sprain, sat out the first two plays before recording a sack on his first snap.
He finished with two sacks in limited time.
Crowell fumbled a pitch inside New York's 10, Gonzalez missed two field goals and Kizer threw an interception at the goal line.
