Despite achieving a goal of winning the division and ensuring a home playoff game, Sunday's 31-24 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers left the team with a bittersweet feeling.
 quarterback Drew Brees said after Chris Godwin's 39-yard touchdown reception with nine seconds remaining put the Bucs ahead for good with nine seconds remaining.
Rookie Alvin Kamara returned a kickoff 106 yards for a touchdown and also had a TD rushing for the Saints (11-5), who'll host division rival Carolina (11-5) in the NFC wild-card round next Sunday.
The Panthers' 22-10 loss to Atlanta on the final day of the regular season denied Carolina the NFC South title.
Winston threw for 363 yards and ran for a touchdown, special teams player Isaiah Johnson scored on a fumble return and the Bucs (5-11) snapped a five-game losing streak.
Coach Dirk Koetter was told before the finale that he would return for a third season at Tampa Bay's coach, however Winston said it was still important to go out with a win.
Trailing 24-23 with 1:58 remaining, Winston moved the Bucs 95 yards in 11 plays for the winning TD.
He converted a fourth-and-10 from his own 5 yard line with a 12-yard completion to Cameron Brate and threw 9 yards to Mike Evans on third-and-1 to keep the drive going at the Tampa Bay 35.
The fourth-year pro, who was intercepted three times, found Godwin racing up the right sideline just ahead of Saints cornerback Ken Crawley to put the Bucs ahead for good.
Koetter, who calls Tampa Bay's offensive play, actually called for a pass to the left sideline to move the ball into field goal range. Winston recognized that Godwin was going to draw single coverage and went for the rookie, whose playing time increased the past two weeks because DeSean Jackson was injured.
Brees threw a 3-yard TD pass to Zach Line for a 24-20 New Orleans lead midway through the fourth quarter, but New Orleans couldn't make it stand.
Patrick Murray, whose missed an extra point was the difference on the scoreboard when Winston launched the winning drive, made a 42-yard field goal to help the Bucs pull within one point with four minutes left.
Kamara, who's teamed with Mark Ingram to give New Orleans the only tandem in NFL history 1,500-plus scrimmage yards and more than 10 TDs in the same season, wiped out an early 7-0 deficit with his kickoff return.
The rookie's 7-yard TD run on the Saints' first offensive possession made it 14-7.
The touchdowns were the 13th and 14th of the season for Kamara, who has eight rushing and five receiving in addition to the second 100 yard-plus kickoff return for a TD allowed by Tampa Bay in two weeks.
Brees finished 22 of 30 for 245 yards, one touchdown and no interceptions. Michael Thomas went over 100 receptions for season with six catches for 94 yards.
Godwin has seven receptions for 111 yards. Adam Humphries had seven catches for 102 yards for Tampa Bay, which failed to make the playoffs for the 10th consecutive season.
