It doesn't sound like a winning formula.
Against the blundering Miami Dolphins, it was good enough.
Ryan Fitzpatrick threw for 275 yards and two touchdowns, Patrick Murray kicked a 35-yard field goal with 4 seconds remaining and the Buccaneers snapped a six-game road slide by topping the penalty-prone Dolphins 30-20 on Sunday.
Jay Cutler threw three first-half interceptions and didn't play in the second half because of what the Dolphins said was diagnosed as a concussion. Matt Moore went 17 of 28 for 282 yards and a game-tying touchdown with 3 minutes left, but Miami couldn't overcome five turnovers and 17 penalties -- one shy of the franchise all-time record.
Miami (4-6) tied the game at 20-20 on a 61-yard touchdown pass from Moore to Kenny Stills. Fitzpatrick coolly moved the Buccaneers 58 yards on the ensuing drive, and Murray delivered what essentially was the winner.
Adarius Glanton got a bonus touchdown for Tampa Bay (4-6) on the final play, when the Dolphins' lateral-filled last-ditch attempt at a kickoff return turned into a Bucs' score.
O.J. Howard and DeSean Jackson had touchdown catches for the Buccaneers, who outscored Miami 17-0 in the second quarter to take a 20-7 halftime lead.
The Bucs also stuffed three straight 1-yard-to-go runs by the Dolphins at the Tampa Bay 34 in the fourth quarter, forcing a turnover on downs on a day when Miami had more mistakes than points.
Stills caught seven passes for 180 yards, and Jarvis Landry had six catches for 95 yards and another touchdown for Miami, which has lost four straight for the first time since 2013 and now faces a steep climb in the playoff chase.
The Dolphins had their three longest passing plays of the season -- the 61-yard touchdown pass to Stills, a 49-yarder to Landry and another 45-yard strike to Stills. Before Sunday, Miami's longest pass play was a 36-yard throw from Cutler to Stills against the Jets on Oct. 22. A 69-yard run by Damien Williams on Miami's second snap was also the longest ground gain for the Dolphins this season.
The Dolphins challenged a call late after Fitzpatrick appeared to be tackled in the end zone, a play that would have gotten Miami within 20-15. After review, the ball was spotted just outside the goal line.  Miami defensive end Cameron Wake said. 
