EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  Tom Brady set yet another NFL record. Ho-hum. The New England Patriots quarterback was more excited about earning another victory.
Brady threw two touchdown passes and became the career leader in total yards passing in regular-season and playoff games, leading the Patriots past the New York Jets 27-13 on Sunday.
Brady had just one TD throw in his previous three games, but connected with Rob Gronkowski and Julian Edelman against the AFC East-rival Jets (3-8). The Patriots quarterback went 20 of 31 for 283 yards, giving him 79,416 for his career.
He also reached 3,000 yards passing for the 16th season, tying Peyton Manning for second in NFL history behind Brett Favre's 18.
Rookie Sony Michel ran for a season-best 133 yards and a TD , and the Patriots had 215 yards rushing -- responding well to coach Bill Belichick's challenge to his offense.
Coming off a 34-10 loss to Tennessee two weeks ago, the Patriots avoided their second two-game losing streak of the season -- something the franchise hasn't experienced since 2015. New England, which improved to 3-3 on the road, has won five straight in the series against New York and eight of the past nine.
Brady connected with Edelman for a 21-yard touchdown that put the Patriots ahead 20-13 with 1:52 left in the third quarter. The drive opened with a 27-yard reception by Chris Hogan, followed by a 27-yard run by James White. Brady found a wide-open Edelman, who ran through a tackle attempt by Jamal Adams and got into the end zone.
Michel added a 1-yard touchdown run with 8:54 left, one play after a video review reversed his TD run; his right knee was down before he reached the goal line. The score put the Patriots up 27-13 and sent many Jets fans streaming toward the exits.
McCown was 26 of 45 for 276 yards and a touchdown to Jermaine Kearse with one interception for the Jets, who have lost five straight for the first time since the 2014 season.
The Jets took a 7-0 lead in the opening quarter on McCown's 16-yard pass to Kearse, who made a nice move on  defensive back Jonathan Jones before zipping into the end zone. The drive was helped by 19-yard catches by Chris Herndon and Isaiah Crowell, and a roughing-the-passer call on Deatrich Wise Jr. on a third-down play.
But the Patriots came right back to tie it on Brady's 34-yard pass to Gronkowski.
White was called for offensive pass interference on third-and-2 from the Jets 24, and coach Todd Bowles took the penalty rather than the down. So, on third-and-12, Brady fired a strike to Gronkowski, who made the grab and looked plenty healthy after missing the past two games with back and ankle issues.
New York's Jason Myers tied it at 10 with 3 seconds remaining in the opening half, making a 55-yarder -- and setting an NFL record with five field goals of 55 yards or longer in one season. He also tied the team's home record for longest field goal for the fourth time this season.
The previous five games between the teams at MetLife Stadium had all been decided by seven points or less -- including a 26-20 overtime win by the Jets in Bowles' first season.
Gronkowski finished with three catches for 56 yards and the score , his first since Week 1 against Houston.
