A banged-up Rodgers threw a 16-yard touchdown pass to Davante Adams with 6:23 left in overtime, capping an eye-popping performance by leading the Packers to a wild 44-38 victory over the New York Jets on Sunday.
The win was the Packers' first on the road this season -- snapping a nine-game skid away from Lambeau Field dating to last season -- and it prevented them from becoming the first Green Bay squad since 1958 to go an entire season without a win away from home.
He threw for 442 yards and touchdowns to Adams and Jake Kumerow, and also ran for two scores -- his first since the 2016 season. That's despite a groin issue that nagged him last week, and a knee ailment that has bothered him all season. Rodgers was intent on playing, and believed it proved something.
The loss for the Jets (4-11) overshadowed a dazzling performance by rookie quarterback Sam Darnold, who threw for a career-high 341 yards -- but never got a chance with the ball in overtime. Darnold was 24 of 35 passing with TDs to Robby Anderson, Chris Herndon and Elijah McGuire, who also ran for a score.
The Jets were done in by penalties, getting called for a whopping 16 that cost them 172 yards. Bowles was critical of the officiating crew, saying some of the calls against New York shouldn't have happened.
On third-and-10 from the Packers 40, Rodgers got hit as he was throwing and his pass to Marquez Valdes-Scantling hung in the air and fell incomplete -- but Trumaine Johnson was called for pass interference, putting the ball at the Jets 27. Moments later, a pass interference call on Buster Skrine gave the Packers the ball at the 6.
Rodgers ran it in -- but right tackle Bryan Bulaga was called for holding. On the next play, Rodgers found Adams in the back of the end zone for the rare road victory.
That all came after Rodgers went over a pile and reached past the goal line for a go-ahead 1-yard touchdown with 1:13 left in regulation, giving Green Bay its first lead. Rodgers' initial 2-point conversion try was intercepted by Darryl Roberts -- but Roberts was called for defensive holding. Rodgers then ran it in to make it 38-35, finishing off a terrific drive that included a 23-yard run to get the ball to the 1.
Andre Roberts, selected to his first Pro Bowl earlier in the week, returned the ensuing kickoff 51 yards to put the Jets in good shape. Darnold completed passes of 9 and 14 yards to get the Jets to the Green Bay 15. But three straight passes fell incomplete and New York settled for a tying 33-yard field goal by Jason Myers with 17 seconds left in regulation.
Roberts returned a kickoff 99 yards for a score late in the first half, the second of his career, to highlight a solid outing by New York's special teams unit.
Rontez Miles took a direct snap on a punt on fourth-and-1 from the Jets 31 in the fourth quarter and ran up the middle for 4 yards and a first down. Anthony Wint also forced a fumble on a kickoff earlier in the game.
The one hiccup came on the game's opening drive, when Jason Myers -- picked for his first Pro Bowl -- was wide left on a 45-yard attempt.
Jets defensive end Leonard Williams was ejected after throwing a punch at Bulaga in the second quarter. The penalty gave the Packers the ball at the Jets 7.
