EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  The Jacksonville Jaguars are riding their defense once again, and hope it takes them beyond the AFC title game.
Linebacker Myles Jack scored on a 32-yard interception return early in the fourth quarter and the Jaguars spoiled the New York Giants debuts of coach Pat Shurmur and second-overall draft pick Saquon Barkley, and the return of Odell Beckham Jr. with a 20-15 win on Sunday.
Coming off a season in which they were ranked No. 2 overall and scored seven touchdowns on turnovers, the Jaguars' defense showed no slippage --  with the exception of a spectacular 68-yard run by Barkley . The had two sacks, six quarterback pressures, eight tackles for losses,  stopped a 2-point conversion run Barkley and didn't give up the lead late, stopping a New York drive with 1:55 to play.
 said Jack, who scored on a pass deflected by backup nose tackle Abry Jones and finished with a game-high 10 tackles. 
Blake Bortles, who was 18 of 33 for 176 yards, threw a short touchdown pass and led two other first-half field goal drives.
The Jaguars gained 310 yards in total offense and didn't score as a unit in the second half. The team also had 11 penalties for 119 yards.
The Giants, who were 3-13 last season, had their chances after falling behind 19-9 on Jack's touchdown.
Held in check much of the game, Barkley (18 carries for 106 yards) brought the sellout crowd to its feet less than a minute after Jack's score with a spectacular run. He took an inside handoff, broke to the outside, got a great block by receiver Sterling Shepard and scored, getting New York within 20-15 with 10:39 to play. His 2-point conversion was stopped.
It proved costly when passes of 19 and 21 yards to Beckham (11 catches for 111 yards in his first game since -October) got New York to the Jacksonville 34. Instead of attempting what could have been a tying fourth field goal from Aldrick Rosas, Eli Manning (23 of 37 for 224 yards) threw a fourth-down incompletion.
The Jaguars led 13-6 at the half as Bortles methodically took his team on three scoring scores. Josh Lambo capped the first two with 39-yard field goals, and Bortles hit backup running back T.J. Yeldin from 1 yard for a 13-3 lead.
Beckham, who broke an ankle on Oct. 8 and did not play in a preseason game, drew two pass interference penalties on the ensuing drive. Rosas closed the gap to a touchdown with a 31-yard field goal with :04 left in the half. He added a 44-yarder on the opening series of the third quarter on a drive helped by a ugly facemask penalty by Yannick Ngakoue against Barkley.
Manning targeted Beckham 15 times and connected on 11. The NFL's highest-paid receiver also drew pass interference penalties of 30 and 15 yards late in the first half, setting up a Rosas field goal.
Jaguars: Fournette was hurt in second quarter. He finished with 41 yards.
Jaguars: Home opener next Sunday against New England, the team which beat them in AFC title game.
(Corrects Barkley run to 68 yards. )
