MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. --  Kicker Jason Sanders turned teammate Kenyan Drake's fumble into a footnote.
Drake lost the ball when the Miami Dolphins were on the verge of victory, but thanks to Sanders it didn't matter. The rookie made a 47-yard field goal as time expired in overtime Sunday for a 31-28 victory over the Chicago Bears.
Miami's Brock Osweiler threw for a career-high 380 yards and three touchdowns subbing for Ryan Tannehill, who sat out because of an injured throwing shoulder.
The Dolphins took the kickoff to start overtime and marched 74 yards, but Drake fumbled just before crossing the goal line. Eddie Goldman recovered for the Bears.
They drove to the Miami 35, but former Dolphin Cody Parkey was wide right on a 53-yard field goal try with 2 minutes left. Drake then had a 15-yard reception to help set up Sanders' field goal.
Albert Wilson turned two short passes into long touchdowns in the fourth quarter for the Dolphins, who overcame an 11-point deficit in the final 16 minutes of regulation.
Miami (4-2), which began the day tied with New England for the AFC East lead, ended a two-game losing streak. Chicago (3-2) had a three-game winning streak snapped but remained atop the NFC North.
Mitchell Trubisky threw for 316 yards and three second-half touchdowns, but the Bears were hurt by two turnovers in the red zone. Jordan Howard lost a fumble at the 1, and Trubisky was intercepted in the end zone by T.J. McDonald.
Trubisky a threw a 29-yard pass to Anthony Miller for a go-ahead score late in the fourth quarter, but Miami needed only one play to tie it again, with the dynamic Wilson weaving through the secondary for a 75-yard score.
Wilson earlier scored on a 43-yard catch and run.
Chicago's Tarik Cohen scored on a 21-yard run and had a 50-yard catch and run. Kyle Fuller had two interceptions, the second of which set up a Bears touchdown.
But Miami contained Khalil Mack, ending his streak of at least one sack and one forced fumble in every game this season. The Bears, who were averaging 4 1/2 sacks per game, totaled none.
Miami netted 541 yards without Tannehill, who had been nursing a shoulder injury for several weeks. He worked out before the game, and it was then decided he should sit.
Frank Gore rushed for 101 yards. Osweiler, who signed with Miami as a free agent in March, went 28 for 44 and led the Dolphins to their highest point total of the year.
Dolphins: home against Detroit next Sunday.
