Wilson threw three touchdown passes in the second quarter to put the Seahawks ahead and they went on to beat the Detroit Lions 28-14 Sunday, leaning on their running game and defense just as they have throughout their turnaround.
The Seahawks (4-3) looked sharp on both sides of the ball coming off their bye and won for the fourth time in five games after opening the season with two losses.
Wilson completed 10 passes, two for scores, before having an incompletion late in the second quarter. He finished 14 of 17 for 248 yards, leading to a perfect quarterback rating. Wilson's 24-yard pass to Tyler Lockett, 15-yard throw to David Moore and 12-yard pass to Ed Dickson for touchdowns gave Seattle a 21-7 lead at halftime.
Chris Carson, who had 105 of Seattle's 176 yards rushing, scored on a 7-yard run early in the fourth to put the Seahawks up 28-7.
Detroit acquired run-stuffing defensive tackle Damon  Harrison from the New York Giants for a fifth-round pick just four days before the game, but he wasn't able to immediately help one of the NFL's worst run defenses.
 Lions defensive tackle Ricky Jean Francois said.
The Lions (3-4) had won three of four in large part because they didn't turn the ball over much and finally found a running game. They lost the ball three times and had just 34 yards rushing against Seattle.
The Lions got off to a solid start against Seattle, breaking a scoreless tie late in the first quarter on Matthew Stafford's 39-yard pass to Marvin Jones. The Lions were then held scoreless for two quarters before Stafford threw a 19-yard touchdown pass to Jones early in the fourth to cut the deficit to 14.
Stafford lost a fumble midway through the fourth quarter and threw an interception with 3:08 to go at the Seattle 1.
To seal the victory, Seahawks punter Michael Dickson ran out of his end zone and gained 9 yards on a fourth-and-8 from the Seattle 3 on a play that was designed for him to take a safety.
The game, though, began to slip away from Detroit earlier in the afternoon when Ameer Abdullah fumbled on a kickoff return in the second quarter.
Wilson took advantage, connecting with Moore for a go-ahead touchdown pass that went off his left arm and helmet before he grabbed it. On Seattle's next drive, Carroll won a challenge to have Moore credited with a catch to keep a drive going that ended with Dickson's touchdown.
Stafford was 27 of 40 for 310 with two touchdowns, an interception and a fumble. He had thrown two touchdowns without an interception in the previous three games. Unlike recent games, he could not rely on a running game and was forced to throw more than planned.
The Seahawks celebrated Lockett's touchdown with a nod to baseball just hours before Game 5 of the World Series. Lockett was trying to look like a pitcher when he threw the football and hit Doug Baldwin, who ran at his teammate as if he was charging the mound and was hit with a phantom punch.
