Not even the bold, brash Jaguars would acknowledge it was anything more than a Week 2 win. Others would disagree.
Blake Bortles threw four touchdown passes, three in the first half, and the Jaguars beat Brady and the Patriots 31-20 Sunday in a rematch of last season's AFC championship game.
The victory -- Jacksonville's first in nine tries against Brady -- could signal a new favorite in the AFC.
Bortles threw for 377 yards in the best game of his five-year career.
He threw perfect TD passes to Donte Moncrief, Keelan Cole and Austin Seferian-Jenkins in the first half, the second time Bortles has accomplished that feat. Bortles sealed the victory with a 61-yard pass to Dede Westbrook in the fourth quarter.
Westbrook took a short pass on a crossing route, made one defender miss and outran another down the sideline and into the end zone. Cole delivered the key block.
Cole finished with seven receptions for 116 yards and a score. He made a spectacular, one-handed catch on Jacksonville's second drive and beat Eric Rowe for a 24-yard touchdown three plays later. Rowe was benched.
Westbrook's catch-and-run put the Jaguars (2-0) ahead 31-13, allowing them to start celebrating their second victory in franchise history against New England (1-1) and first in the regular season. They hadn't beaten the Pats since January 1999.
Brady completed 24 of 35 passes for 235 yards and two touchdowns, both to Chris Hogan. He was sacked twice.
Just when the Patriots started showing signs of life -- they were down 11 and in field-goal range early in the fourth quarter -- Dante Fowler stripped Brady. Fowler was making his season debut after being suspended for the season opener.
Jacksonville kept throwing, even in the final minutes, and put it on the offense to close out the game.
Marrone was widely criticized for getting conservative in the title game. The Patriots trailed 20-10 in the fourth quarter of that one before rallying to win 24-20 and advancing to the Super Bowl.
T.J. Yeldon started in his place and ran 10 times for 58 yards.
Patriots rookie Sony Michel, a first-round draft pick from Georgia, carried 10 times for 34 yards in his NFL debut. Michel is expected to give New England some much-needed help in its running attack.
Jaguars: Left tackle Cam Robinson left in the first quarter after injuring his left knee and was later ruled out. Receiver Donte Moncrief, who caught a touchdown pass on Jacksonville's opening drive, left with a knee injury in the third quarter. Defensive end Calais Campbell, questionable to play because of a sore right knee, left after getting poked in his right eye. He later returned.
