Graham Gano connected on all four field goal attempts, including a career-long 63-yarder with 1 second remaining, and Carolina recovered a muffed punt in the end zone for a touchdown to beat the New York Giants 33-31 in a wild game Sunday.
 Rivera joked after Gano's winning field goal, which tied for the second longest in NFL history.
Gano's winning kick came after the Giants erased an 11-point fourth quarter deficit. Eli Manning hooked up with Saquon Barkley on a 15-yard touchdown pass down the right sideline -- the rookie made a long dive into the end zone -- to put the Giants in front 31-30 with 1:08 remaining.
Gano's previous career long was 59 yards. He's now made 35 in a row at home dating back to 2016.
He said running out of the smoky tunnel before the game for the first time in his career was  and made him feel like Cam Newton. But the winning kick was even better.
After he converted the kick he said his main goal was seeking safety from the rest of his teammates running after him.
It's the second year in a row the Giants (1-4) have been beaten by a monster field goal at the end. In the third game last season, Jake Elliott of the Eagles kicked a 61-yarder for a 27-24 win.
Newton threw for 237 yards and had two touchdowns and two interceptions and helped get the Panthers (3-1) into field goal range with a 20-yard completion to D.J. Moore and a 9-yarder to Christian McCaffrey on the final drive.
Manning finished 22 of 36 for 326 yards with two touchdowns and two interceptions, both by Panthers 37-year-old safety Mike Adams.
Odell Beckham Jr., had a big game as a receiver and passer. Beckham had eight catches for 131 yards and a touchdown and also threw a 57-yarder to Barkley for New York's first touchdown.
The Panthers got another weapon back on the field and he made an immediate impact. Curtis Samuel, a second-round pick in 2017, turned a wide receiver screen into a 25-yard touchdown in the first quarter in his first game since undergoing a minor heart procedure. The speedster, 5-foot-11 and 195 pounds, showed some toughness by breaking three tackles to get into the end zone.
Giants: Right tackle Chad Wheeler left in the fourth quarter with a hand injury and did not return.
Panthers: Wide receiver Devin Funchess was evaluated for a concussion in the fourth quarter following a helmet-to-helmet hit by Giants defensive back Michael Thomas, but returned to the game. ... Center Ryan Kalil was shaken up late in the fourth quarter and did not return as Tyler Larsen finished the game.
