DENVER --  For a man who tips the scales at close to 300 pounds, nose tackle Shelby Harris sure gets overlooked a lot.
Ben Roethlisberger didn't see him Sunday when Harris intercepted his pass to Antonio Brown from the Denver 2 with 1:03 remaining, sealing the Broncos' 24-17 win that snapped the Pittsburgh Steelers' six-game winning streak.
The Broncos (5-6), who ended the Chargers' six-game winning streak last week, weren't surprised by Harris' big play.
 Harris said of his first career interception, which came 48 hours after he missed Friday's practice for the birth of his daughter.
The Broncos used four takeaways to counter a 97-yard touchdown toss from Roethlisberger to JuJu Smith-Schuster and hand the Steelers (7-3-1) their first loss since September.
 said Smith-Schuster, whose 13 catches for 189 yards weren't enough to keep Pittsburgh from losing for just the second time in its last 18 regular-season road games.
Cornerback Bradley Roby and safety Darian Stewart were burned on Smith-Schuster's long touchdown grab, but they made up for it when they teamed up on the final play of the third quarter for Denver's third takeaway .
 said Roby, who forced James Connor to cough up the football after a 23-yard gain. Stewart recovered it at the Denver 21.
The Broncos then went 79 yards in 11 plays with Phillip Lindsay , who gained 110 yards on just 14 carries, taking it in from the 2 to break a 17-17 tie.
Roethlisberger was 41 of 56 for 462 yards, extending his NFL record with his sixth 450-yard passing game.
His only TD came in a highly unlikely situation, with the Steelers backed up at their 3. Backpedaling, Roethlisberger uncorked his pass just as Shelby Harris knocked him on his back in the end zone.
His 97-yard TD matched the longest pass play in franchise history, and was one yard shy of the longest TD the Broncos had ever surrendered, a 98-yard run by Green Bay's Ahman Green in 2003.
Roethlisberger had 25 completions by halftime, the most in the first half in the regular season by a Steelers QB since 1960, but it took a fake field goal for Pittsburgh to reach the end zone.
Kicker Chris Boswell threw a 2-yard touchdown pass to left tackle Alejandro Villanueva to tie it at 10.
Boswell took the direct snap and threw a perfect pass to a wide-open Villanueva -- who was a receiver and tight end at Army and became the first Steelers O-lineman to catch a touchdown pass since Ray Pinney against the Browns in 1983.
Justin Simmons blocked Boswell's 48-yard field goal attempt and safety Will Parks punched away the football just as tight end Xavier Grimble was about to score on a 24-yard catch-and-run. The ball went out of bounds in the end zone for a touchback.
