ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. --  As they bid farewell to their unquestioned leader, defensive tackle Kyle Williams, the Buffalo Bills also enjoyed a glimpse into an encouraging future.
Allen had a career-best three touchdown passes and scored two more rushing, while Edmunds had a one-handed interception and added a sack. They put the finishing touches on a 6-10 season in which the rebuilding Bills won four of their final seven games.
The Bills dedicated the victory to the 35-year-old Williams, the team's longest-active tenured player, who announced his decision to retire on Friday.
He then enjoyed a chance to contribute on defense and offense by registering one tackle for a loss and catching a 9-yard pass -- the first of his career -- with under five minutes left.
He was part of a Buffalo defense that had four sacks and forced four turnovers, including three by Miami quarterback Ryan Tannehill. And the 42 points were Buffalo's most since a 45-16 win over San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2016.
Gase and most of the players had little else to say after they closed a wildly inconsistent season. After opening with three wins, Miami finished with three losses and lost their final seven road games.
Tannehill finished 18 of 31 for 147 yards with two interceptions and a lost fumble. He did score by catching a 3-yard pass from Kenny Stills with 54 seconds left in the second quarter. Dolphins safety Reshad Jones scored two plays from scrimmage later on a 29-yard interception return.
Miami's defense allowed 381 yards to finish the season with a franchise-worst 6,257 yards allowed. Its previous worst was 6,122, set in 2016.
Though the Bills never trailed, Allen's 5-yard touchdown pass to Robert Foster six minutes into the third quarter broke a 14-14 tie to put Buffalo ahead for good. Allen then secured the victory with a 30-yard TD run to increase Buffalo's lead to 35-17 with 11:13 left in the game.
He finished 17 of 26 for 224 yards passing, including 18- and 26-yard touchdowns to Zay Jones, and an interception. And he added 95 yards rushing, including a 1-yard touchdown to open the scoring.
Dolphins linebacker Kiko Alonso and defensive end Robert Quinn and Bills offensive tackle Jordan Mills were ejected following a late hit on Allen during the third quarter.
Allen was already sliding when Alonso dived in front of him and kicked the quarterback in the helmet. A scuffle broke out amid a group of players, and Quinn came running in at full speed from about 20 yards out and dived atop the pile. Alonso was ejected for kicking Allen, while Quinn and Mills were ejected for personal foul penalties.
Allen's eight rushing touchdowns this season were the second-most by a quarterback in the Super Bowl era. Cam Newton had 14 in 2011. Robert Griffin III, in 2012, and Vince Young, in 2006, each scored seven.
With 630 yards rushing in just 11 starts, Allen topped the single-season team record for yards rushing by a quarterback. Tyrod Taylor had 580 yards two years ago.
Bills: CB Tre'Davious White did not return after sustaining a head injury in the final minutes of the first half. White was knocked over by Kenyan Drake while lowering his head as he tried to make an open-field tackle.
