Lock threw a sh ovel pass to DaeSean Hamilton to put Denver ahead, Phillip Lindsay sealed the game with a late TD scamper and the Broncos extended the Detroit Lions' skid to eight straight with a 27-17 win Sunday.
Trading the snow for much balmier conditions, Lock efficiently led the offense to a comeback win. He finished 25 of 33 for 192 yards in improving to 3-1 as the Broncos starter. His only loss was last weekend in Kansas City when the field was covered in snow.
The Lions (3-11-1) got a punt return for a score from Jamal Agnew along with sporadic play from rookie QB David Blough, who was under constant pressure and sacked four times. Detroit hasn't won in two months.
Detroit took a 17-13 lead late in the third quarter on Kenny Golladay's 3-yard catch.
On the ensuing drive, Denver reached deep into its play book to pick up a fourth-and-1 near midfield. Fullback Andrew Beck took the ball from Lock on a sweep and then tossed it to a trailing Lindsay, who picked up the first down. Beck was credited with a 6-yard pass completion.
Later on, Lock completed a flip pass to Hamilton for a 3-yard score and the Broncos wouldn't trail again. Lindsay gave them some insurance with a 27-yard TD scamper as he finished with 109 yards rushing.
 said Lindsay, who's 42 yards away from his second straight 1,000-yard season. 
Agnew weaved his way through the teeth of the Broncos coverage unit and then avoided diving punter Colby Wadman for a 64-yard score in the second quarter. His TD gave Detroit a 10-0 lead.
Kicker Matt Prater moved past a big name on Detroit's career scoring list with his 26-yard field goal in the first quarter. He surpassed Hall of Famer Barry Sanders for the third-most points.
Social media was buzzing over the brace Lock wore on his left knee. He donned a similar brace in his other starts, but this version happened to stick out more set against Denver's bright uniforms.
Kerryon Johnson returned for the first time in two months and finished with 10 carries for 42 yards. He's been on injured reserve with a knee injury.
Broncos: Finish the season at home against Oakland on Sunday.
