CHARLOTTE, N.C. --  It turns out 13 wins weren't enough to earn the New Orleans Saints a first-round bye in the NFC playoffs.
The runaway winners of the NFC South will have to win an extra game if they hope to reach the Super Bowl. They'll be the No. 3 seed in the playoffs and host the Vikings next weekend in the wild-card round while the Green Bay Packers and San Francisco 49ers get a week to rest.
Saints coach Sean Payton said earlier Sunday he was happy with his team's aggressive approach against Carolina even though he didn't know how the playoff seedings would shake out.
Drew Brees threw for 253 yards and three touchdowns, Alvin Kamara ran for two scores and A.J. Klein returned an interception for a touchdown as the Saints handed the Panthers their eighth straight loss.
The only thing that went right for the Panthers (5-11) was Christian McCaffrey joining Roger Craig and Marshall Faulk as the third player in NFL history to record 1,000 yards rushing and 1,000 yards receiving in the same season. McCaffrey needed 67 yards receiving coming in and got there with a 17-yard reception late in the third quarter, earning some bear hugs from teammates on the sideline and a standing ovation from the scattered fans remaining in the seats.
McCaffrey finished the season with 2,392 yards from scrimmage, third most in NFL history. He left the game late in the third quarter following his 19th touchdown of the season.
The Saints took the opening kickoff and drove 75 yards on eight plays to take a 7-0 lead on Kamara's 15-yard touchdown run. Kamara added a second TD run later in the quarter, and Klein made it a three-touchdown lead when he picked off rookie quarterback Will Grier and returned it 14 yards for a TD early in the second quarter.
Brees added TD passes of 1 yard to Tre'Quan Smith and 21 yards to Jared Cook to make it 35-0 in the second quarter, prompting Panthers interim coach Perry Fewell to remove perennial Pro Bowl linebacker Luke Kuechly from the game to prevent injury.
Grier left the game in the second quarter with a foot injury, finishing his second NFL start with a 0.0 quarterback rating on 1 of 8 passing for 4 yards. He was replaced by Kyle Allen. The Panthers provided no update on the extent of the injury after the game.
Carolina surrendered 31 touchdowns rushing this season, which tied for the most since the NFL-AFL merger. Carolina came into the game ranked 31st in the league in rushing defense, in part because of injuries to defensive tackles Kawann Short and Dontari Poe.
Panthers: Played without 1,000-yard receiver D.J. Moore (concussion) and linebacker Shaq Thompson (shoulder/foot).
