Mariota threw three first-half touchdown passes, two to A.J. Brown, and the Titans defense had three fourth-down stops to beat the Falcons 24-10 on Sunday.
 Mariota said after completing 18 of 27 passes for 227 yards. He still has not thrown an interception this season.
Derrick Henry ran for 100 yards to keep Tennessee's offense balanced.
The Falcons, held to only a field goal in the second half, were unable to maintain drives despite Ryan's 397 yards passing.
Ito Smith's 1-yard touchdown run in the first quarter pulled the Falcons (1-3) even at 7-7. Tennessee outscored Atlanta 17-0 the remainder of the half, and the Falcons heard boos as they left the field.
It was a disappointing loss for Falcons coach Dan Quinn, who is under pressure following a 7-9 finish in 2018.
The Falcons were stopped on three fourth-down plays.
Devonta Freeman, who was held to 28 yards on 12 carries, was stopped by Jurrell Casey on a fourth-and-1 run in the second quarter. Ryan was sacked on two fourth-down plays in the second half.
Mariota faced growing criticism after managing only one touchdown pass in two straight losses.
Mariota enjoyed a resurgence against the Falcons. He connected with Brown for a 55-yard touchdown pass on Tennessee's second possession. Brown beat Desmond Trufant and then outran Kemal Ishmael and Deion Jones.
Brown beat Trufant again for an 11-yard scoring catch in the first quarter. Mariota's 23-yard touchdown pass to Corey Davis late in the half followed the fourth-and-1 stop by Casey on Freeman's run.
With the game tied at 7-7, Mariota completed a third-and-15 pass over the middle to Corey Davis for 16 yards. The play kept the drive alive that finished with Brown's second scoring catch, giving the Titans the lead they would never lose.
The Falcons, who trailed 24-7 at halftime, have been outscored 65-10 in the first half of their three losses.
Atlanta's Matt Bryant missed a 32-yard field-goal attempt late in the first half when the kick hit the left upright. Bryant was good from 42 yards to cap the Falcons' opening drive of the second half.
Falcons right guard Jamon Brown suffered a concussion in the first quarter and did not return. Wes Schweitzer replaced Brown in the lineup. The line suffered another loss when center Alex Mack left with a left elbow injury in the third quarter. He returned later in the quarter with the elbow heavily wrapped.
Mariota praised the protection provided by his offensive line after he was not sacked. It was a dramatic turnaround for the line after Tennessee allowed 17 sacks in its first three games -- almost six per game.
Falcons tight end Austin Hooper had nine catches for 130 yards. Mohamed Sanu had nine catches for 91 yards, but Julio Jones was held to four receptions for 52 yards.
Davis and Brown each came close to 100 yards. Davis had five catches for 91 yards and Brown had 94 yards on three receptions.
Tennessee returns home next Sunday to host the Buffalo Bills. The Titans lead the series 28-18, but Buffalo has won the past two, including a 13-12 home win in 2018.
The Falcons play the first of two straight road games when they travel to Houston to face the Texans. The series is tied 2-2, including Atlanta's 48-21 home win in 2015.
