EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  Odell Beckham Jr. felt right at home again -- in the end zone and on the highlight reels.
With an 89-yard touchdown catch and a spectacular one-handed grab in his return to MetLife Stadium, the Browns wide receiver helped lift Cleveland past the short-handed and banged-up New York Jets 23-3 on Monday night.
Beckham, traded from the Giants in March, helped the Browns (1-1) bounce back from a 30-point loss to Tennessee in their opener to top the Jets (0-2) and give Freddie Kitchens his first win as Cleveland's coach.
Well, Williams clearly knows who Beckham is now. The coach was seen shouting angrily on the sideline after Beckham's touchdown.
Beckham finished with six catches for 161 yards and the TD from Baker Mayfield, who couldn't believe Williams' comments.
Falk led the Jets on their longest drive of night to that point -- 60 yards -- but Le'Veon Bell could only get 1 yard on a fourth-and-2 pass, turning the ball over on downs at the Browns 11.
On the next play, Mayfield hit Beckham with a slant pass, and the receiver outran the Jets' defenders all the way to the end zone for an 89-yard TD that put Cleveland up 23-3 with 3:32 remaining in the third quarter.
 said running back Nick Chubb, who had a 19-yard TD run. 
Beckham helped the Browns take a 3-0 lead on their first possession on Austin Seibert's 23-yard field goal -- a drive highlighted by a spectacular 33-yard, one-handed grab that got Cleveland down to the Jets 4.
It was reminiscent of Beckham's highlight-reel, one-handed reception for the Giants on  as a rookie in 2014. On this one, Mayfield found Beckham down the right sideline, and the receiver stuck out his right hand to snare the ball behind Nate Hairston, starting in place of Trumaine Johnson -- in nearly the same spot as his big catch five years ago.
Seibert's 48-yarder gave the Browns a 6-0 lead with 6:15 left in the opening quarter as Cleveland outgained New York 101-4 in the first quarter.
Siemian was sidelined after throwing a long incomplete pass to Ryan Griffin. Cleveland's Myles Garrett slammed into him, and fell on top of him. Siemian appeared to roll his left ankle as Garrett, who was penalized for roughing the passer, sent him to the turf.
Falk replaced Siemian with 7:58 left in the half and helped the Jets get their first points on a 46-yard field goal by Sam Ficken, the team's fourth kicker since July.
Siemian finished 3 of 6 for 3 yards, while Falk was 20 of 25 for 198 yards as the Jets lost their seventh straight at home, dating to last season.
Mayfield, who beat the Jets last year in his NFL debut during a Thursday night game that ended Cleveland's 19-game winless skid, was 19 of 35 for 325 yards, including the TD to Beckham, and an interception. ... Garrett had three of the Browns' four sacks. ... Bell had 68 yards rushing on 21 carries and 10 catches for 61 yards for the Jets.
