With one last victory in a bittersweet season under the LA lights, they moved on from this historic venue and into their gleaming future.
Tyler Higbee and Robert Woods caught touchdown passes from Jared Goff in the fourth quarter, and the Rams secured their third straight winning season with a 31-24 victory over the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday.
Goff passed for 319 yards and hit Cooper Kupp for 99 yards and an early TD, while Los Angeles' defense made four takeaways in the final NFL game at the stadium that hosted the first Super Bowl and 51 seasons of NFL play.
The 2018 NFC champions were eliminated from playoff contention last week, but they improved to 6-0 against Arizona during coach Sean McVay's tenure while securing this franchise's first string of three straight winning seasons since 1999-2001.
Rookie Taylor Rapp recovered a fumble and intercepted a pass for the Rams, while Cory Littleton also recovered a fumble and Darious Williams had his second career interception.
After jumping to an early 17-7 lead and then letting Arizona back into it in the third quarter, the Rams finished with a defensive stop. After Kenyan Drake rushed for a score with 3:53 to play, the Cards got the ball back at their 20 with 1 minute left, but couldn't get past midfield with no timeouts.
Kyler Murray wrapped up his stellar rookie season with 327 yards passing for the Cardinals (5-10-1), who finished coach Kliff Kingsbury's debut year with their fourth consecutive losing record.
After struggling with a strained hamstring for the past week, Murray had TD throws to Dan Arnold and Damiere Byrd, but also threw two interceptions.
Larry Fitzgerald had four catches for 45 yards in perhaps the final game of his stellar 16-year career. The 36-year-old receiver, second in NFL history in catches and yards behind Jerry Rice, hasn't decided whether he will accept the Cardinals' pleas to return next year.
Chandler Jones was held without a sack of Goff, which means the star Arizona defensive lineman lost the NFL sacks title to Tampa Bay's Shaquil Barrett, who had three sacks Sunday to finish with 19 1/2 this season, ahead of Jones' 19.
Littleton went to the locker room in the third quarter with a bruised chest. Defensive lineman Michael Brockers then had to be helped off the field to a cart, unable to put weight on his left ankle. Both are free agents this winter.
