OAKLAND, Calif. --  Maxx Crosby had the best day by a Raiders pass rusher in nearly four years, and Trayvon Mullen kept Oakland's defensive surge going with a game-clinching interception that ended any hopes that Cincinnati had of ending its winless start.
On a day when Jon Gruden's offense committed a pair of turnovers, including Josh Jacobs' first career fumble in the red zone, defensive coordinator Paul Guenther's unit made all the difference.
Derek Carr passed for 292 yards and a touchdown, Jacobs had his fourth 100-yard game in the last six weeks, and the Raiders beat the stumbling Bengals 17-10 on Sunday.
Crosby had a team rookie-record four sacks as the Raiders harassed Bengals rookie quarterback Ryan Finley and shut down Cincinnati's offense after Joe Mixon had given it a lift in the first half.
It was the most sacks in a single game by an Oakland player since Khalil Mack had five against Denver in December 2015. Mack was traded to Chicago before last season in exchange for two first-round picks.
Crosby, a fourth-round draft pick, had a sack and forced fumble to end Cincinnati's first drive, dropped Finley again in the third quarter and then sacked him twice in the fourth.
The Bengals remain the NFL's lone team without a victory, and their 0-10 record matches the 1993 team for the worst start in franchise history.
With Cincinnati trailing 17-10 in the fourth quarter, Bengals wide receiver Auden Tate made a 20-yard catch on a third-and-19 play but suffered a neck injury when he was hit from behind by Curtis Riley. Tate stayed down for several minutes and was eventually placed on a cart and taken to the locker room.
The Raiders, who allowed the Bengals to get their first win in '93, avoided a repeat in part because of strong performances by Carr and Jacobs.
Carr completed his first 14 passes, including a 2-yard touchdown to Foster Moreau. Carr ran in from 3 yards out for Oakland's other TD.
Jacobs ran for 112 yards on 23 carries, continuing his push for Offensive Rookie of the Year. The 24th overall pick in the draft, Jacobs has 616 yards in the last six games.
Mullen made a game-clinching interception in the fourth as Oakland's defense came through late for the third straight game. Karl Joseph knocked down a fourth-down pass to secure a win against Detroit in Week 9, and then intercepted Philip Rivers' desperation pass to beat the Chargers in Week 10.
Finley completed 13 of 31 passes for 115 yards.
Jacobs' first fumble of the season set up Cincinnati's only touchdown.
Incredibly, it was the Bengals' first rushing touchdown this season by someone other than quarterback Andy Dalton (three). Dalton lost his starting job to Finley after Week 8.
Mixon finished with 86 yards on 15 carries.
Jacobs' four 100-yard games broke Marcus Allen's 37-year-old team rookie record. Jacobs had already surpassed the record for most rushing yards by a Raiders rookie.
