CINCINNATI --  Andy Dalton took the snap and went to his knee, finishing a double-digit victory that might suffice as his farewell to Cincinnati.
Dalton threw for a touchdown and ran for another Sunday  in his farewell as Cincinnati's franchise quarterback. A Joe Burrow banner in the upper deck reminded him what comes next as the Bengals wrapped up one of their most miserable seasons with a 33-23 victory that didn't end the day's developments.
The two-win Bengals matched the worst record in their 52-year history. The last time they had the top pick in the draft was 2003, when they also were coming off a 2-14 finish and chose quarterback Carson Palmer.
For now, they ended a streak of 10 straight losses to AFC North opponents with Dalton leading the way.
Dalton knew it was likely his final start for the Bengals after nine seasons without a playoff victory. A day earlier, Burrow threw seven touchdown passes in LSU's rout of Oklahoma, and the Bengals can take the Heisman Trophy winner if they wish.
Dalton threw a 15-yard touchdown pass and scrambled 5 yards for another score in the Bengals' highest-scoring first half of the season for a 20-16 lead. He finished 16 of 28 for 190 yards.
The Browns hitched their hopes to Mayfield, who was inconsistent behind an offensive line that struggled to protect him. He threw three interceptions and was sacked a season-high six times Sunday.
Mayfield threw touchdown passes of 46 yards to Damion Ratley, 56 yards to Jarvis Landry, and 20 yards to Beckham. He also threw a pair of interceptions to Darius Phillips, one of which set up a Bengals touchdown, and finished with 21 for the season.
 said Mayfield, who went 12 of 27 for 279 yards.
Mayfield took steps back, throwing five fewer touchdowns and seven more interceptions than in his rookie season. Mayfield said after the game that the Browns need more consistency and leadership, and he's going to work on providing both.
Cleveland's Nick Chubb came in leading the NFL in rushing but managed only 41 yards and slipped behind Tennessee's Derrick Henry for the title. Henry ran for a season-high 211 yards to finish with 1,540, finishing 31 ahead of Chubb. Chubb's 1,509 yards were the most for Cleveland since Jim Brown had 1,544 in 1965. ... For the first time, the Browns had two receivers (Beckham, Landry) and a running back each top 1,000 yards in a season. ... Cincinnati's Joe Mixon ran for a career-high 162 yards and topped 1,000 for the second straight season. Tyler Boyd topped 1,000 yards receiving for the second year in a row. ... The Bengals ended a streak of three straight Browns victories in the intrastate series. Cincinnati leads the series overall 51-42.
Bengals: In 2020, Cincinnati will try to end its 29-year streak without a playoff win, the fifth-longest in NFL history.
