Carson Wentz threw for 239 yards and one touchdown, Jordan Howard ran for 82 yards and a score and the Eagles held on for a 22-14 victory over the Chicago Bears on Sunday.
The Bears had just 9 yards in the first half and trailed 19-0 before David Montgomery had a pair of 1-yard TD runs to make it a one-possession game in the fourth quarter.
But Philadelphia put it away with 16-play, 69-yard drive capped by Jake Elliott's 38-yard field goal. Wentz completed all four of his third-down passes on the drive for first downs, and the Eagles held the ball for 8:14.
Dallas Goedert turned a screen on third-and-9 into a 16-yard gain. Miles Sanders had a 15-yard reception on third-and-12 and Alshon Jeffery bounced back from two big drops to make a 13-yard catch on third-and-3.
The Eagles (5-4) have won two in a row after a pair of lopsided losses.
Mitchell Trubisky was 10 of 21 for 125 yards and was sacked three times.
The Bears went three-and-out on their first five possessions, gaining minus-10 yards. They didn't get a first down until the final minute of the first half.
Wentz connected with Zach Ertz over the middle for a 25-yard touchdown pass to give the Eagles a 12-0 lead in the second quarter. Elliott missed the extra point wide right.
Howard ran up the middle 13 yards for a TD on the opening drive of the third quarter, extending the lead to 19-0.
The Bears finally got going when Trubisky connected with Taylor Gabriel on a 53-yard pass to the Eagles 9 and Montgomery ran in from the 1. He leaped in from the 1 early in the fourth quarter.
But Chicago couldn't complete the comeback.
The Eagles had a first down at the Bears 5 on their opening drive, but settled for a 28-yard field goal by Elliott after Eddie Goldman sacked Wentz.
Elliott kicked another 28-yarder on the next drive to make it 6-0.
Wentz has thrown a TD pass in 12 straight games, tied with Seattle's Russell Wilson for longest active streak. ... Eagles have won 11 of last 15 against Chicago. ... Bears LB Khalil Mack had four tackles, including two for loss, one quarterback hit and one pass knockdown. ... Eagles DT Genard Avery had a half-sack in his debut with his new team.
Howard averaged 4.3 yards per carry in his first game against his former team. Jeffery had four receptions for 36 yards and at least two drops.
Eagles: WR DeSean Jackson lasted just one series after returning to the lineup for the first time since suffering an abdomen injury in Week 2. He drew a pass interference on the first play and had a 5-yard catch. Coach Doug Pederson said Jackson was held out for precautionary reasons and will undergo more testing this week. ... LT Jason Peters (knee) and LB Nigel Bradham each missed their third straight game.
