Rodgers threw a short and accurate pass to Aaron Jones, whose 31-yard reception set up Mason Crosby's 33-yard field goal as time expired to lift the Packers to a 23-20 win over the Detroit Lions that earned them a No. 2 seed and a first-round bye.
The Packers (13-3) fell behind the last-place Lions by two touchdowns in the second quarter and didn't lead until Crosby made his second game-winning kick against Detroit this season.
Green Bay won a fifth straight game despite Rodgers struggling for much of the afternoon. Rodgers was 27 of 55 for 323 yards with two touchdowns  and an interception. He connected on less than half of his attempts for the second time this season and finished with his second-lowest rating of the year.
 Rodgers acknowledged after throwing the most passes he has in 2019, tying the third-highest total of his career. "I felt good about the throws. That's the crazy thing. We were just a little bit off at times.
Detroit did not, following a season-long trend.
The Lions (3-12-1) closed with nine straight losses for their longest losing streak in a season since going 0-16 in 2008.
David Blough was 12 of 29 for 122 yards with an interception -- and a 19-yard touchdown reception -- filling in for Matthew Stafford, who had a season-ending back injury.
Despite playing only for pride, the Lions looked as if they were more motivated to win early in the game against a team with a lot at stake.
Kerryon Johnson converted a fourth down with a 1-yard TD run late in the first half, giving Detroit a 14-0 that stunned everyone not on their sideline.
Crosby and Matt Prater made field goals over the last 20 seconds of the first half, leaving the Lions with a 17-3 lead.
Rodgers started to make more accurate passes in the second half, such as 20-yard TD pass to Davante Adams and a 28-yard pass to Allen Lazard with 5:19 left for another score.
The Packers pulled into a 20-all tie after linebacker Blake Martinez  had a sack and interception on consecutive snaps.
Jones, who overcame having his hand stepped on, finished with 100 yards rushing on 25 carries and had 43 yards receiving. Adams had seven receptions for 93 yards and a score.
Lions: WR Kenny Golladay didn't return after being evaluated for a concussion following a 42-yard catch in the second quarter. LB Devon Kennard and TE Isaac Nauta each left the game with hamstring injuries. LT Rick Wagner (knee) was inactive.
