Yep, Brady did it again to Ryan and the Falcons.
Rallying Tampa Bay from a pair of 17-point deficits, Brady recreated his Super Bowl miracle by leading the Buccaneers on five straight scoring drives in the second half Sunday for a 31-27 victory over Atlanta.
It sure didn't look that way when Atlanta raced to 17-0 by halftime, or when the Falcons (4-10) restored their margin to 24-7 after Brady finally guided the Bucs to a touchdown on the first possession of the second half.
In the 2017 Super Bowl, Brady famously led the greatest comeback in championship game history, rallying New England from a 28-3 deficit late in the third quarter to a 34-28 overtime victory that secured his fifth of six titles with the Patriots.
Brady capped his latest rally with a 46-yard touchdown pass to Antonio Brown with 6:19 remaining. The league's oldest player finished 31 of 45 for 390 yards and two TDs.
He fell to his knees and raised both arms toward the stadium roof after hauling in the scoring pass.
Tampa Bay scored on five straight possessions after halftime — four touchdowns and a field goal.
Leonard Fournette had a pair of 1-yard TD runs, Brady hooked up with Chris Godwin on a 4-yard scoring pass, and Ryan Succop connected on a 27-yard field goal.
Ryan was 34 of 49 for 356 yards and three touchdowns for the Falcons, but he did little after connecting with Hayden Hurst on a 7-yard TD throw midway through the third quarter.
The Bucs suddenly starting getting pressure on the Atlanta QB, who was sacked three times— all of them credited to Devin White.
Atlanta failed to pick up a first down on four of its last five possessions, the only exception being a drive that ended with Younghoe Koo's 52-yard field goal with 8:22 remaining, giving the Falcons a 27-24 lead.
It never does against Brady, who improved to 7-0 against the Falcons in his long career.
The Falcons took another demoralizing loss in a season filled with them. They already became the first in NFL history to blow fourth-quarter leads of at least 15 points in two straight games.
Now, this — which may have hurt even worse because of the guy who led the comeback.
Brady did it again to the Falcons.
Brady’s latest triumph came on the same day the Patriots were eliminated from playoff contention for the first time in 12 years with a loss to the Dolphins.
It was the second second time this season that White has made three sacks in a game. He also did it on Oct. 25 against the Raiders, making him the only player with two three-sack games this season
White had only 2 1/2 sacks a year ago as a rookie. He's stepped up his game after watching the Michael Jordan documentary over the offseason.
Ryan became the ninth quarterback in NFL history pass for 55,000 yards in his career.
Matty Ice now has 55,202 yards and will set his sights on Eli Manning, the next guy on the career list with 57,023.
Buccaneers;: CB Carlton Davis, who leads Tampa Bay with four interceptions, was ruled out early in the second half with a groin injury.
Falcons: CB Blidi Wreh-Wilson went out in the first half after falling ill and did not return. ... OG James Carpenter (groin) and CB Isiah Oliver (cramping) also went out. With Oliver on the sideline, backup cornerback Tyler Hall was beaten on Brown's game-winning touchdown.
Buccaneers: Look to clinch a playoff berth when they play their final road game of the season next Sunday against the Detroit Lions.
