GREEN BAY, Wis. -- — Aaron Rodgers helped the Green Bay Packers get another big win against the rival Chicago Bears and move closer to their second straight NFC North title.
Rodgers threw four touchdown passes as the Packers rolled to a 41-25 victory over the slumping Bears on Sunday night. Green Bay improved its overall record in this series to 100-95-6, including a 20-5 mark against the Bears in games Rodgers has started.
Green Bay (8-3) scored touchdowns on each of its first three possessions and grabbed a three-game division edge over Chicago (5-6) and Minnesota. Since winning five of their first six games, the Bears have dropped five straight.
The Packers capitalized on mistakes by Bears quarterback Mitchell Trubisky, who was making his first start since the third week of the season. Trubisky threw three touchdown passes — including two to Allen Robinson — but also committed three turnovers that led to Packers touchdowns.
Darnell Savage picked off a pair of Trubisky passes for his first two interceptions of the season. After Za’Darius Smith sacked Trubisky and forced a fumble, Preston Smith picked up the loose ball and ran 14 yards for a touchdown that gave the Packers a 27-3 lead late in the second quarter.
Trubisky went 26 of 46 for 242 yards while starting in place of Nick Foles, who injured his glute and hip in a 19-13 loss to Minnesota on Nov. 16.  Rodgers was 21 of 29 for 211 yards.
Chicago’s David Montgomery had 103 yards rushing — including a 57-yard burst — and also had a 3-yard touchdown catch. Green Bay’s Aaron Jones rushed for 90 yards, while Jamaal Williams ran for 73 yards and a touchdown.
Green Bay had struggled in its last two home games – a 28-22 loss to Minnesota and a 24-20 victory  over the lowly Jacksonville Jaguars. The Packers also had blown a two-touchdown halftime lead last week in a 34-31 loss at Indianapolis.
This time, however, the Packers took command early at Lambeau Field and avoided a second-half collapse. Green Bay led 41-10 before the Bears scored two fourth-quarter touchdowns.
Rodgers capped Green Bay’s first series with a 12-yard scoring strike to Davante Adams,  who had a touchdown catch for the sixth straight game. Rodgers threw a 5-yard touchdown pass to Marcedes Lewis  and a 2-yarder to Allen Lazard later in the first half.
Green Bay finally punted for the first time in its opening series of the second half, but Rodgers followed that up with a 39-yard touchdown pass to Robert Tonyan.
All those touchdowns helped plenty of Packers reach career milestones.
Rodgers’ final touchdown throw of the night enabled him to become the 11th player in NFL history with at least 50,000 career yards passing.
Adams’ touchdown also was his 500th reception in his 95th career game, making him the fastest Packer to reach that plateau. Lewis’ touchdown was his 400th career catch.
The Bears played without defensive tackle Akiem Hicks due to a hamstring injury.
