The coach couldn't believe Kenny Moore's one-handed, diving end-zone interception. He also marveled at the breakaway speed of Jonathan Taylor, who outran the Raiders' entire secondary on a 62-yard TD sprint.
At the final whistle on a 44-27 victory Sunday, Reich was still extremely impressed with his team and its potential.
Indianapolis racked up 456 total yards, including a whopping 212 on the ground, in its highest-scoring performance in its three seasons under Reich, and its biggest since 2014 overall. Their offensive superlatives prompted the Raiders to fire defensive coordinator Paul Guenther less than three hours after the final whistle.
While the Colts (9-4) haven't clinched their second playoff berth in Reich's three seasons, they appear to be in elite form as they head down the postseason stretch.
T.Y. Hilton caught two touchdown passes from Philip Rivers, while Taylor rushed for a career-best 150 yards and two scores. Rivers passed for 244 yards as the Colts scored on seven of their first eight drives in their fourth victory in five games.
Safety Khari Willis clinched the win with a 53-yard interception return for his first career touchdown with 5:22 to play. Indianapolis stayed securely in one of the conference's wild-card spots and remained atop the AFC South alongside Tennessee, which has a better divisional record for now.
Derek Carr passed for 316 yards with two touchdowns and two interceptions for the Raiders (7-6), who have lost three of four after a strong start to their relocation season.
Foster Moreau and Nelson Agholor made TD catches in the first half, but the offense couldn't keep up while Indianapolis marched up and down the field to little resistance. Coach Jon Gruden addressed the defense's woes by firing Guenther, who had been Gruden's defensive coordinator since he took over the franchise in Oakland in 2018, even though the Raiders have another game Thursday.
Rivers, the longtime Chargers quarterback, made his 29th career start against the Raiders and beat them for the 19th time, both the most by any opponent in Raiders history.
Rivers isn't the only quarterback picking apart this Raiders defense down the stretch, however: Las Vegas has given up 150 points in its last four games, with the embattled Guenther's unit yielding an average of 399 yards per game in that stretch.
Only a last-second comeback against the winless Jets has prevented Las Vegas from going 0-4 since its 6-3 start to the season.
Moreau eluded two defenders on a 47-yard catch-and-run TD shortly before Agholor's 21-yard TD reception put the Raiders up 14-10 early in the second quarter.
Hilton's 41-yard TD catch put Indianapolis back in front moments later. A touchdown-saving tackle by Vegas' Trayvon Mullen with 1 second left in the first half limited the Colts' halftime lead to 20-14.
Taylor surpassed 1,000 yards from scrimmage in his rookie season in the third quarter on his long touchdown run.
Willis scored the Colts' fourth defensive touchdown of the season with his interception return.
Moore blew both teams' minds with his interception in the second quarter. The fifth-year defensive back said he was  but everybody else marveled at his hands and body control.
