Josh Jacobs followed his strong rookie season by running for 93 yards and three touchdowns, Derek Carr threw for 239 yards and a score, and the Las Vegas Raiders hung on to beat the Carolina Panthers 34-30 on Sunday to spoil Matt Rhule's coaching debut.
Jacobs' 6-yard run around the right end with 4:14 left put the Raiders ahead for good after they'd surrendered a 12-point fourth quarter lead.
Jacobs laughed at being labeled special, and was more concerned about the yards he left on the field.
 said Jacobs, who ran for 1,150 yards and seven TDs in 13 games in 2019. 
The Raiders scored on six of their first eight possessions against a young Carolina defense that started three rookies. But they needed a defensive stop to seal the victory.
Trailing 34-30, Panthers new offensive coordinator Joe Brady called a handoff to fullback Alex Armah -- instead of All-Pro Christian McCaffrey -- on fourth-and-inches at midfield, He was stopped at the line with 1:11 left. McCaffrey racked up 134 yards from scrimmage and scored two touchdowns.
 McCaffrey said, referring to Armah picking up a first down on a similar play earlier.
Carolina battled back, turning heavily to their star McCaffrey late in the third quarter. He got 11 touches and picked up 64 yards on one drive that culminated in his 3-yard TD run. Later, Teddy Bridgewater found Robby Anderson for a 75-yard strike on a blown coverage. Bridgewater went back to Anderson for the 2-point conversion to take a 30-27 lead. The free agent pickup from the Jets finished with six catches for 115 yards.
Carolina's inexperienced secondary struggled at times, with rookie cornerback Tony Pride missing one assignment that resulted in a 45-yard gain for rookie Henry Ruggs III. Later, he allowed a 23-yard touchdown pass to Nelson Agholor.
It didn't help that Carolina's No. 1 cornerback Donte Jackson (ankle) went down early in the first quarter.
Of course, the Raiders started two rookies of their own at wide receiver: Ruggs and Bryan Edwards combined for six catches and 64 yards.
Birdgewater replaced Cam Newton as the franchise's starting QB and finished 22 of 34 for 270 yards and one touchdown in his Carolina debut. He said he was brought to tears during the playing of the Black national anthem  in pregame warmups, thinking about his own journey back to being a full-time starting QB following a horrific knee injury in 2016.
Raiders: Lost both right tackles to injuries: Trent Brown (calf) in the first quarter and Sam Young (groin) in the third quarter. That forced the Raiders to move guard Denzelle Good to right tackle. Gruden called it a  by a lot of guys, including Good.
