Jones returned an interception 67 yards for a touchdown, Matt Ryan threw a pair of short scoring passes, and the Atlanta Falcons thoroughly dominated Carr and the bumbling Raiders 43-6 on Sunday.
Las Vegas (6-5) looked very much like a pretender in the AFC playoff race with its second straight loss, a listless, mistake-filled performance against an Atlanta team that's playing out the season under an interim coach.
The Falcons (4-7) forced five turnovers — four of them by Carr — and finished with their biggest win since a 56-14 rout of Tampa Bay in 2014.
The Raiders took their worst loss of Jon Gruden’s most recent three seasons as coach.
In addition to the season-high for turnovers, the Raiders were flagged 11 times for 141 yards. A facemask penalty wiped out an interception. A roughing-the-kicker call allowed the Falcons to keep the ball after a missed field goal — and they wound up scoring the game's first touchdown.
Ryan, who was 22 of 39 for 185 yards, added another 4-yard touchdown pass late in the third quarter, this one to Brandon Powell.
Ito Smith tacked on an 8-yard TD run after another Carr turnover, this one when Steven Means shoved left tackle Kolton Miller into his own quarterback, causing the ball to slip out of Carr's hand just before his arm went forward for a throw.
Carr was swarmed by the pass rush and threw behind running back Devontae Booker on a short pass over the middle. The ball went right to Jones, who streaked all the way to the end zone with no one even close.
Carr's first two fumbles were both recovered by third-string defensive end Jacob Tuioti-Mariner. He showed exceptional athleticism on the second one, knocking it away from Carr and then scrambling to fall on the loose ball.
The Raiders were held to a pair of field goals from Daniel Carlson. Las Vegas managed 243 yards and 13 first downs.
With Todd Gurley sidelined by a knee injury, Smith finished with 65 yards on 12 carries, scoring his first touchdown since a severe concussion and neck injury caused him to miss the final nine games of the 2019 season.
Atlanta's Younghoe Koo matched his career high with five field goals, connecting from 38, 39, 30, 29 and 54 yards.
Koo has now made 21 in a row, though he did catch a break with a 40-yard miss was wiped out by the roughing penalty.
Raiders: At the winless New York Jets next Sunday.
