Jackson threw for 275 yards and three touchdowns, and the Ravens rolled to a 38-6 victory Sunday to spoil the debut of Cleveland coach Kevin Stefanski.
The COVID-19 pandemic kept the seats empty and the play was sloppy following a summer without any games. That hardly mattered to Jackson, who looked every bit as good -- maybe even better -- than he did in 2019 while helping Baltimore compile an NFL-best 14-2 record.
 said tight end Mark Andrews, who caught two touchdown passes. 
A year ago, the multi-faceted Jackson set an NFL single-season record for yards rushing by a quarterback and threw 36 TD passes. This time, facing a Cleveland secondary depleted by injuries, he completed 20 of 25 passes and racked up a team-high 45 yards on the ground.
The Browns were incapable of stopping him. As a result, Cleveland still hasn't opened with a victory since 2004.
Browns quarterback Baker Mayfield threw an interception on the opening series, the first of three Browns turnovers. Those miscues, two missed kicks by Austin Seibert and an unsuccessful fake punt call by Stefanski contributed to the rout.
Mayfield went 21 for 39 for 189 yards and was sacked twice.
The Ravens raced out of the tunnel before the game with the public address system announcing their arrival, along with fireworks and smoke billowing out of a makeshift castle. Missing, of course, were cheerleaders and the deafening roar of the crowd.
Baltimore could not have scripted a better start to a season it hopes ends at the Super Bowl. Marlon Humphrey picked off a throw by Mayfield and Jackson ended the first drive of the year with a  touchdown pass to Andrews.
On the ensuing possession, Stefanski gambled on a fake punt and L.J. Fort diagnosed the play and busted it up. That set up a field goal for a 10-0 lead.
Cleveland responded with a 75-yard drive, but a touchdown pass to David Njoku  was followed by a botched conversion. The Browns then withstood a 47-yard completion from Jackson to Marquise Brown by  forcing a fumble by Patrick Ricard inside the 10.
Late in the half, Jackson went 5 for 5 for 75 yards on a 99-yard drive that ended with the first of rookie J.K. Dobbins' two touchdowns.
The Browns moved into position to cut into the deficit, but successive miscues -- a third-down drop by Odell Beckham Jr. and a missed field-goal attempt by Seibert -- gave the ball to Baltimore with 46 seconds remaining.
Jackson directed a 69-yard drive -- passing for every one of those yards -- and made it 24-6 with a 9-yard toss to Andrews. Baltimore's opening drive of the second half was more of the same, ending with Jackson's 19-yard touchdown pass  to Willie Snead.
Ravens: A road trip to Houston next Sunday. Baltimore is 9-2 overall against the Texans, who opened Thursday with a loss in Kansas City.
