Mayfield threw for two touchdowns, including one set up when Garrett had a strip sack in a third straight game, and Beckham scored three times and the Cleveland Browns held on to beat the Dallas Cowboys 49-38 on Sunday.
The Cleveland quarterback was playing at the home of the Cowboys for the first time since winning a Big 12 championship with Oklahoma there three years ago. Now the Austin native has the Browns at 3-1 for the first time since 2001.
Beckham capped his big day with a 50-yard scoring run on a reverse after the Cowboys had cut a 41-14 deficit to three late in the fourth quarter with three straight touchdowns and 2-point conversions.
 said Beckham, who had 81 yards receiving and two scores with 73 yards rushing on two reverses in his first three-score game in nearly five years.
Dak Prescott had his first 500-yard game, throwing for 502 yards and four touchdowns while becoming the first NFL quarterback with at least 450 yards passing in three straight games.
Prescott set that record because the Cowboys (1-3) have played from way behind three straight weeks, in part because of turnovers by him. He five the past two games.
 said Prescott, whose interception on his career-high 58th and final attempt ended any comeback hopes in the final two minutes. 
The Browns ran for 307 yards and three touchdowns despite losing lead back Nick Chubb to a knee injury in the first quarter. Stefanski said Chubb would have an MRI exam.
Hunt, who has been battling a groin injury, had 71 yards and two touchdowns, and D'Ernest Johnson doubled his career yardage of 26 yards in the first half alone, going on to finish with a team-high 95 yards.
Beckham's first TD of the game was also Jarvis Landry's first touchdown pass in his 100th career game, a 37-yard score on a trick play. It was the longest TD toss by a receiver since Beckham's 49-yarder with the Giants in 2018.
Garrett celebrated his homecoming early with the first of his two sacks on the second play from scrimmage. The second sack turned the tide.
In a 14-14 tie in the second quarter, Garrett forced the first of two turnovers on consecutive plays by Dallas, both converted into touchdowns as Cleveland broke the tie with 27 consecutive points.
Garrett easily beat undrafted rookie Terence Steele and hit Prescott as he was trying to throw, leading to a 1-yard scoring pass to Austin Hooper from Mayfield, who was 19 of 30 for 165 yards. After Ezekiel Elliott fumbled at the end of a 24-yard run near midfield, the Browns drove to Hunt's 2-yard TD run.
Amari Cooper had 12 catches for 134 yards and a TD for Dallas, and rookie CeeDee Lamb scored his first two touchdowns.
Chubb, who came in as the NFL's fourth-leading rusher, was injured in the first quarter when his right leg was rolled up on by a pair of opposing linemen engaged with each other. He limped to the locker room, and the team said it was a knee injury.
Cleveland's 307 yards rushing were the most the Cowboys have ever allowed. Dallas is the first team since Oakland in 2012 to allow at least 38 points in three straight games in the same season. The only other time the Cowboys did it was their inaugural season in 1960, when they went 0-11-1.
