Stafford led the Rams on two late scoring drives, Matt Gay made a tiebreaking 38-yard field goal with 2:23 to play and the injured Wentz watched Indianapolis' final two possessions helplessly from the bench as the Rams held on for a 27-24 victory over the Colts.
While Stafford wasn't nearly as crisp or efficient as in his Rams debut, he certainly played well enough — even after his throwing hand hit the helmet of DeForest Buckner during the first half. Stafford wound up 19 of 30 with 278 yards, two touchdown passes and one interception.
And it's clear he's already built a pretty nifty connection with receiver Cooper Kupp, who had nine receptions for 163 yards and both scores. It was the second-highest single-game yardage total of Kupp's career.
He made it 17-14 by finding Zach Pascal for an 8-yard TD pass and then Jack Doyle on a 2-point conversion and was cheering when the Colts took the lead after Rams long snapper Matt Orzech hit Nick Scott and the ball bounded into the end zone where Ashton Dulin recovered it for the Colts.
When Stafford answered with his second TD pass to Kupp to make it 24-21, Wentz returned the favor by positioning the Colts for a tying 35-yard field goal — on his final play.
Stafford, meanwhile, drove Los Angeles down the field again and set up Gay for the game-winner.
Wentz was 20 of 31 with 247 yards, one TD and one interception. Jacob Eason, Wentz's replacement, was intercepted by Jalen Ramsey on his second NFL throw.
One explanation for Indy's loss was its failure, again, to score touchdowns in the red zone.
The Rams opened the game with four consecutive stops from the 1-yard line and thwarted another scoring chance when three-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year Aaron Donald knocked Jack Doyle off his route. The shovel pass instead wound up in the hands of Rams linebacker Troy Reeder at the Los Angeles 5.
Colts: Right tackle Braden Smith (foot), cornerback Xavier Rhodes (calf) and receivers T.Y. Hilton (neck surgery) and Parris Campbell (abdomen) all were inactive.
