Brady threw for 411 yards and five touchdowns, while Brown showed no signs of slowing down as a playmaker, becoming the fastest NFL player to 900 receptions as the defending Super Bowl champions rolled to a 45-17 rout of the Miami Dolphins on Sunday.
 said Brown, who had seven catches for 124 yards and two TDs. 
Brady threw for more 400 yards with five TDs in the same game for the first time in his 22-year career.
Brown, who joined the Bucs at midseason a year ago after serving an eight-game suspension for violating the NFL personal conduct policy, scored on receptions of 62 and 4 yards in the first half.
Brown, who has stayed out of trouble since signing with the Bucs and helping them win the Super Bowl, joined Julio Jones, Jerry Rice, Torry Holt and Andre Johnson as the only players in league history with 12,000 career receiving yards in fewer than 150 games.
 said Brown, one of a slew of dynamic targets on a deep, talented Tampa Bay roster also featuring Mike Evans, Chris Godwin, Rob Gronkowski and Leonard Fournette.
Since entering the league as a sixth-round draft pick of the Steelers in 2010, Brown has 45 100-yard games receiving — second in the league behind Julio Jones (59). His 19 games with multiple TD catches are tied with Gronkowski for the most over the span.
Evans had TD catches of 34 and 22 yards, and Giovani Bernard also scored on a 10-yard reception from Brady, who finished 30 of 41 with no interceptions — the third straight game the Bucs have gone without a turnover.
The Dolphins (1-4) have lost four straight following a season-opening victory over New England.
Jacoby Brissett completed 27 of 39 passes for 275 yards, two TDs and an interception in his third consecutive start filling in for the injured Tua Tagovailoa.
Running back Myles Gaskin scored on receptions of 1 and 37 yards for the Dolphins, who trailed 24-17 heading into the fourth quarter.
Fournette scored on a 5-yard run and Brady threw his TD passes to Evans to break the game open before being replaced by backup Blaine Gabbert with 7:06 remaining.
Dolphins: WR DeVante Parker (shoulder/hamstring) was inactive after being limited in practice and listed as questionable. ... Brissett appeared to tweak his hamstring scrambling for no gain in the opening quarter, but remained in the game. ... TE Adam Shaheen (ankle) left the game late in the second quarter.
