New England's defense intercepted Darnold on three consecutive possessions in the second half — including one that J.C. Jackson returned 88 yards for a touchdown — and the New England Patriots cruised past the Carolina Panthers 24-6 on Sunday for their fourth win in the past five games.
Belichick is 4-0 against Darnold, and the quarterback has thrown nine interceptions and one touchdown pass in those outings.
Darnold's three previous losses came with the New York Jets.
Mac Jones overcame two early turnovers and threw for 139 yards and a touchdown, rookie running back Rhamondre Stevenson had 106 yards from scrimmage before leaving the game with a head injury and Damien Harris and Hunter Henry scored touchdowns as the Patriots (5-4) improved to 4-0 on the road.
As has been the case for most of the year, Darnold spent most of the game under heavy duress and it didn't help the Panthers lost starting center Matt Paradis and left tackle Cameron Erving to injuries in the first half.
Unlike two weeks ago, Panthers coach Matt Rhule decided against benching Darnold against the Patriots.
Even the return of Christian McCaffrey from a five-game absence couldn't help Carolina's offense. McCaffrey had 14 carries for 52 yards and caught four passes for 54 yards, but the Panthers have only scored one touchdown in the past three games.
Carolina's only points came courtesy of its defense, which forced two Jones turnovers in New England territory in the first half — one off Brian Burns' sack-fumble and another when former Patriots cornerback Stephon Gilmore had an interception.
The Panthers trailed 14-6 at halftime after gaining just 65 yards in the first half.
The game changed for good in the third quarter when Darnold rolled out of the pocket on a second down play and overthrew tight end Ian Thomas. Jackson intercepted the ball and raced 88 yards down the middle of the field for his first NFL touchdown.
Things continued to unravel from there with Darnold picked off on his next two possessions as well, including another by Jackson in the end zone on a ball that was thrown up. After that interception, wide receiver Robby Anderson followed Darnold off the field, threw his helmet toward the bench and proceeded to give the quarterback an earful as he passed by him twice on the sideline.
Panthers linebacker Haason Reddick was upset after the game at Jones, who grabbed the foot of Burns and wouldn't let go after a sack-fumble that prevented Burns from a potential scoop and score. Reddick called it a  by Jones and said he hopes the league addresses it this week.
