Johnson kicked the go-ahead 48-yard field goal with 37 seconds remaining five days after joining the team and Washington beat the Las Vegas Raiders 17-15 on Sunday for its fifth straight win.
 defensive tackle Jonathan Allen said. 
Allen and the rest of the Washington offense know it now after he calmly drilled the game-winning kick after Taylor Heinicke drove the team into position after squandering an eight-point lead.
Heinicke threw a 7-yard TD pass to Logan Thomas  on the opening drive and a 4-yarder to Antonio Gibson  early in the fourth quarter after extending the drive with a key third-down scramble.
But Washington (6-6) then allowed the Raiders (6-6) to score on successive drives to take a 15-14 lead on Daniel Carlson's 37-yard field goal that was set up by Nate Hobbs' interception of Heinicke.
But Heinicke responded and drove Washington down the field to set up the kick by Johnson that came three plays after Tre'von Moehrig dropped a potential game-sealing interception.
Heinicke finished 23 for 30 for 196 yards and has now led four game-winning drives in his first year as a starting quarterback in Washington.
Coordinator Jack Del Rio's defense then sealed it to give him the win in his first game against the Raiders since being fired by the team following the 2017 season.
The Raiders were unable to build on a Thanksgiving overtime win at Dallas and lost for the fourth time in five games as the offense has stalled after a strong start to the season.
They were held to just two field goals in the first three quarters as Carr seemed to miss injured tight end Darren Waller and couldn't connect on the big plays with DeSean Jackson that helped fuel last week's win.
Las Vegas finally got into the end zone when Josh Jacobs capped a 75-yard drive aided by three defensive penalties with a 1-yard run. Carr missed Bryan Edwards in the back of the end zone on the 2-point try to keep Washington ahead 14-12.
The Raiders then settled for a field goal late when they stalled in the red zone to set the stage for the Washington comeback.
The Raiders punted on their first three drives before getting a 52-yard field goal from Carlson in the closing seconds of the first half to cut the deficit to 7-3. It was the fifth time this season Las Vegas failed to score a touchdown in the first half of a game.
Carr struggled to push the ball downfield with his first 18 passes traveling a combined 36 yards downfield, according to NFL NextGen stats.
Carr and Del Rio shared a moment together on the field after the game in their first game against each other since Del Rio was fired.
