LAS VEGAS -- — Patrick Mahomes scrambled away from pressure as he ran toward the line of scrimmage and launched a deep ball that turned a seemingly broken play into a touchdown.
Mahomes threw five touchdown passes and returned to his usual form  after a surprisingly shaky stretch this season, and the Chiefs raced past the Las Vegas Raiders 41-14 on Sunday night.
Mahomes completed three short TD passes before flashing his playmaking brilliance early in the fourth quarter after Kansas City converted a fake punt  on a 16-yard pass from Tommy Townsend to Marcus Kemp.
Two plays later, Mahomes scrambled and lofted a deep pass across his body that Darrel Williams caught for a 38-yard TD that made it 34-14. He almost decided to run or throw a shorter pass before he saw the chance to the big play.
Mahomes added a 22-yarder to Byron Pringle and finished 35 for 50 for 406 yards. He also connected on an 8-yarder to Tyreek Hill  in the first quarter and then 1-yarders to Hill and rookie tight end Noah Gray.
They won two straight games after coach Jon Gruden resigned following the publication of his old offensive emails but haven't looked the same the past two weeks. Both losses followed the release of Henry Ruggs III, who was charged with felonies in a DUI crash that killed a 23-year-old woman.
Las Vegas has turned the ball over five times the past two weeks, matching the total from the first seven games, and the improved defense was unable to slow down Mahomes.
Derek Carr threw two TD passes but also had his third interception in the past two weeks as the offense struggled to get going.
The Raiders were held to 82 yards in the first half, their fewest in a home game in eight years, and went 1 for 9 on third downs to fall down double digits in the first half for the fifth time this season.
The Raiders brought in speedy receiver DeSean Jackson this week to fill the void left by Ruggs' release. Jackson had an inauspicious welcome to Las Vegas. On his first target of the game in the third quarter, Jackson caught a 40-yard pass from Carr. But Rashad Fenton knocked the ball out  and Tyrann Mathieu recovered.
Instead of the Raiders having a chance to cut into a 10-point deficit, the Chiefs drove for a field goal to make it 27-14.
Punter AJ Cole delivered one of the plays of the first half for the Raiders when he forced a fumble  by returner Mike Hughes that Foster Moreau recovered at midfield.
That set up Las Vegas' only scoring drive of the first half when Carr connected on a 6-yarder to Hunter Renfrow.
