After two turnover-filled debacles and a bye week, the Titans ended up on the other side of a turnover-fest and got back in the win column Sunday. It surely helped that they faced woeful Jacksonville and rookie quarterback Trevor Lawrence.
The opportunistic Titans took advantage of four interceptions to beat the Jaguars 20-0 and earn their first home shutout in more than two decades.
Rashaan Evans, Jayon Brown, Kristian Fulton and Buster Skrine picked off passes from Lawrence, who hadn’t thrown three or more interceptions in a game since his NFL debut.
 Titans safety Kevin Byard said. 
Tennessee dominated Jacksonville’s offensive line, sacking Lawrence three times and prompting four holding calls and a false start. All the interceptions were a direct result of pressure, but not blitzes.
The Titans (9-4) turned the ball over a combined nine times in consecutive losses to Houston and New England. They spent the bye week focusing on better ball security and responded with a clean game on offense and plenty of celebrations on defense.
 said Jaguars coach Urban Meyer, who was previously shut out once in his coaching career, 31-0 against Clemson in a national semifinal following the 2016 season. 
The Titans moved closer to clinching the AFC South for the second straight year. They have no one left on their schedule with a winning record. And, if they continue playing clean football, could be a factor in the AFC despite being without star running back Derrick Henry.
D’Onta Foreman, filling in for Henry, had his first rushing touchdown in four years. Ryan Tannehill, the main culprit of the team’s recent turnovers, didn’t commit one despite getting sacked four times and ran for a score. He completed 20 of 31 passes for 191 yards.
Jones, who missed the past three games with a hamstring injury, was activated from injured reserve Saturday and caught four passes for 33 yards. He has missed six games this season because of injuries.
Jaguars running back Carlos Hyde was evaluated for a concussion late in the game. Titans guard Rodger Saffold left briefly in the first quarter with a shoulder injury and again in the third. Titans FB Tory Carter injured an ankle.
