Kyler Murray threw four touchdown passes as the Cardinals remained the NFL's only unbeaten team and continued their best start since 1974 — without Kingsbury on Sunday — with a 37-14 win over the battered, reeling Cleveland Browns.
Following the game, owner Michael Bidwell reached Kingsbury, who was able to talk to several players and coaches.
The Browns (3-3) have lost two straight under coach Kevin Stefanski for the first time and Cleveland has bigger concerns, most notably a growing list of major injuries.
Cleveland was already missing star running back Nick Chubb (calf) and the Browns, who host Denver on Thursday night, played without both their starting offensive tackles.
Also, quarterback Baker Mayfield reinjured his left shoulder and wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. briefly left with a shoulder issue. Mayfield committed three turnovers: two fumbles and an interception.
Mayfield's left arm was in a sling as addressed the media following the game.
The Browns were trailing 23-14 when Cardinals star defensive end J.J. Watt chased down Mayfield and forced a fumble by sweeping out the QB's legs. Mayfield stayed down for several minutes — with Watt kneeling nearby — and was twice examined in the medical tent, but stayed in.
After his fumble, Murray made the Browns pay by throwing a 9-yard pass to a wide-open Hopkins to put the Cardinals ahead 30-14.
Later, Hunt was not targeted on a pass play and the bruising back crumpled to the ground without contact. He was unable to put any weight on his leg while being assisted to the sideline.
Murray made sure the Cardinals didn't miss a beat. He completed 20 of 30 passes for 229 yards and matched his career best with the four TDs.
Desperate for a positive play, the Browns got one on the final snap of the first half as Mayfield completed a 57-yard TD pass to Donovan Peoples-Jones.
A week ago, Mayfield attempted a similar  on the last play in a 47-42 loss to the Chargers.
Cleveland's defense helped the Cardinals by committing four penalties for 43 yards on Arizona's second scoring drive. Two of the calls went against tackle Malik McDowell, for face masking and roughing on Murray.
On third-and-goal, Murray hit Hopkins with a short pass and he eluded two tacklers for a 13-yard TD to make it 14-0.
Watt has now sacked 41 different quarterbacks during his career. ... K Matt Prater had three field goals and became the 24th player to reach 1,500 points. ... Murray's 14 TD passes in six games tie Carson Palmer's team record (2015).
