NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- — The Tennessee Titans know it's almost impossible to win a game turning the ball over three times.
They found a way to overcome their mistakes for a big win against a team they rarely beat, especially in Nashville.
Ryan Tannehill threw for 197 yards and three touchdowns and the Titans held off the Indianapolis Colts 25-16 Sunday to grab an early tiebreaker in the AFC South.
The road team had won the previous five games in this division rivalry with the Titans only 8-16 in Nashville in this series. This was their first home win since Oct. 16, 2017, over the Colts. Tennessee also hadn't won a game turning it over three times since beating Atlanta 20-13 on Oct. 7, 2007.
This time, the Titans (2-1) are the defending AFC South champs with a healthy Derrick Henry. The reigning AP NFL Offensive Player of the Year ran for 113 yards, topping the 100-yard mark for a sixth straight division game.
The Colts turned two interceptions of Tannehill into 10 points. Indianapolis coach Frank Reich called it a 
Carson Wentz started after being questionable for Indianapolis with a pair of sprained ankles. He never ran even once, choosing to throw the ball away repeatedly when pressured. He finished with 194 yards passing.
The Colts twice had first-and-goal inside the Titans 9 in the second half. Tennessee's defense, much-maligned in 2020, held the Colts to a pair of field goals by Rodrigo Blankenship. The last came with 10:20 left when Blankenship's 24-yarder pulled the Colts within 22-16.
Tennessee then put the game away, going on a 14-play drive chewing up 7:22 of the clock. Randy Bullock put Tennessee up 25-16 with a 32-yard field goal.
The Colts tried for a final score, but Blankenship's 51-yard attempt was wide right with 57 seconds left. The Titans knelt down for the win.
 Titans safety Kevin Byard said. 
The Titans had plenty of opportunities to blow this game open, but only led 14-10 at halftime because of two interceptions. Darius Leonard picked off Tannehill to set up a 9-yard TD run by Nyheim Hines. Kenny Moore II picked off the second, and the Colts got a 43-yard field goal by Blankenship as the first half expired.
Tannehill threw a 6-yard TD pass to Chester Rogers against his old team and found Westbrook-Ikhine on an 18-yard TD — the first of the receiver's career.
Henry also caught a pass from Tannehill under pressure and finished off a 14-yard play with Leonard bouncing off him in the second quarter.
Ola Adeniyi, who had a key sack in overtime last week in Seattle, finished with 1 1/2 sacks.
The Titans start a two-game road swing at the New York Jets next Sunday.
