Rodgers turned toward the crowd after running for a touchdown to help secure yet another win for Green Bay over Chicago. Then, he yelled, 
Rodgers threw for two touchdowns and ran for another, leading the Packers to a 24-14 victory over the Bears on Sunday.
The Packers (5-1) beat the Bears (3-3) for the 20th time in 23 games counting the playoffs and improved to 22-5 with Rodgers as the starter against Chicago. They also prevented their rivals from tying them for the NFC North lead.
Rodgers shook off a sluggish start, throwing a 1-yard touchdown to Allen Lazard in the second quarter and a 12-yarder to Aaron Jones in the third, making it 17-7.
Rodgers put away the Bears after Justin Fields threw a 5-yard touchdown to Darnell Mooney, cutting the lead to three with 8:44 left. He scrambled in from the 6 to cap a 75-yard drive, bumping the lead back up to 10. He then turned toward the crowd and yelled, 
Rodgers finished 17 of 23 for 195 yards and a 128 passer rating.
Davante Adams caught four passes for 89 yards, including a 41-yarder that helped set up Rodgers' TD scramble. Jones ran for 76 yards and caught four passes for 34, helping the Packers remain unbeaten since a season-opening 38-3 loss to New Orleans in Jacksonville.
A rare win over Green Bay would have been a major statement for the Bears after they looked lost a few weeks ago. They steadied themselves by beating Detroit and Las Vegas, only to be taken down by the Packers.
Fields led the Bears on an 80-yard touchdown drive on their first possession that ended with rookie Khalil Herbert scoring from the 1, only to cool off after that. The No. 11 overall draft pick was 16 for 27 for 174 yards with a touchdown and an interception.
Herbert ran for a season-high 97 yards with David Montgomery (sprained knee) on injured reserve and Damien Williams on the reserve/COVID-19 list. He scored from the 1 on the game’s opening drive. Khalil Mack, Robert Quinn and Akiem Hicks each had a sack.
Green Bay's Mason Crosby made his lone field goal and all three extra points coming off a shaky outing. A week earlier against Cincinnati, he missed three field goals and an extra point before booting the winning 49-yarder in overtime.
Packers: C Josh Myers (knee) had to be helped off the field following a running play on the opening possession and did not return.  coach Matt LaFleur said.  Myers missed last week’s game because of a finger injury. ... LT Elgton Jenkins returned after missing three games with an ankle injury. ... Savage left with a concussion after the first play from scrimmage in the second half. He was hurt tackling Herbert on a run.
Bears: KR/PR Jakeem Grant Sr. (ankle) was hurt on a punt return in first quarter. He came back into the game in the second quarter, but Artavis Pierce handled returns down the stretch. ... DB Deon Bush (quad) exited in the second half.
