Jones piled up 3 1/2 sacks while forcing a fumble and recovering one, and Charvarius Ward and L'Jarius Sneed picked off Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott at crucial points in the game, helping the AFC West-leading Chiefs roll to a 19-9 victory over the Cowboys inside noticeably raucous Arrowhead Stadium.
The defense helped bail out Patrick Mahomes, who had 260 yards passing with an interception and a fumble. Clyde Edwards-Helaire added 63 yards rushing and a touchdown for the Chiefs (7-4) in his return from injured reserve.
 said Mahomes, whose team is nevertheless 4-0 against the NFC East and riding a four-game win streak into its bye. 
Prescott was held to 216 yards passing and two interceptions for the Cowboys, though he was missing a whole lot of help.
Left tackle Tyron Smith missed his third straight game with an ankle injury. Amari Cooper tested positive for COVID-19 on Friday, and fellow wide receiver CeeDee Lamb sustained a concussion just before halftime. And running back Ezekiel Elliott appeared to tweak his ankle early on, though he finished the game with nine carries for 32 yards.
Micah Parsons was the biggest bright spot for the Cowboys (7-3), forcing a fumble and getting two more sacks, as the NFL's highest-scoring offense was held to 5 of 15 on third down and 276 yards in all.
The Chiefs did the exact same thing after a rough first seven weeks that left them 3-4 and last in the AFC West. They've eliminated many of the turnovers and penalties that hamstrung their offense, and a defense that was historically inept in September and October has turned into a ferocious, ball-hawking bunch in November.
Mahomes followed up a 406-yard, five-touchdown performance against the Raiders by dicing up the Cowboys in the first half. He led Kansas City on an 86-yard march that ended with Travis Kelce taking a direct snap for a touchdown, then he led a 65-yard drive a few minutes later that ended with Edwards-Helaire's short TD run.
All the Cowboys managed was Greg Zuerlein's field goal and they trailed 16-3 at the break.
Zuerlein hit two more in the second half, and Harrison Butker added another field goal for Kansas City as the teams traded silly mistakes that kept them from reaching the end zone. Mahomes had a pass bounce off Kelce's hands for another interception, and the Cowboys had a promising drive go haywire after a false-start penalty.
The Cowboys return home to play against the Raiders on Thanksgiving Day.
