But it was Heinicke who upstaged Cam Newton by throwing for 206 yards and three touchdowns against the league’s top-ranked pass defense, helping Washington spoil the 2015 MVP's return to Bank of America Stadium with a 27-21 win over the Carolina Panthers on Sunday.
Terry McLaurin had five catches for 103 yards and a touchdown as Washington (4-6) piled up 369 yards of offense.
Heinicke said winning at Carolina  to him personally because he only spent one season here in 2018. But he knows it was important to his teammates and coaches who have ties to Carolina, including coach Ron Rivera, who was 76-63-1 in nine seasons with the Panthers and led them to an NFC title in 2015 with Newton at quarterback.
And he provided some big moments, throwing for 189 yards and two touchdowns and running for a 24-yard score that he celebrated by running to the team's logo at midfield, slamming down the ball and doing his Superman impersonation by pretending to rip open his jersey.
But Newton’s final two potential game-winning drives ended when the Panthers turned the ball over on downs. Daron Payne and James Smith-Williams sacked Newton with 1:11 left to seal the game for Washington.
Christian McCaffrey combined for 119 yards from scrimmage and a touchdown for the Panthers.
After Newton connected on a 27-yard touchdown pass to McCaffrey down the seam to tie the game at 21 midway through the fourth quarter, Heinicke led Washington into Carolina territory behind a scrambling fourth-and-2 completion to tight end John Bates and a first-down run on a bootleg. That set up former Panther Joey Slye's go-ahead 36-yard field goal with 4:13 left in the game.
Washington running back Antonio Gibson was benched late in the first quarter after he fumbled in the red zone, but came back to finish strong with 95 yards on 19 carries. Washington ran for 190 yards as a team.
Washington: C Tyler Larsen (knee) and RT Sam Cosmi (hip) left the game in the first half with injuries and did not return. ... WR Curtis Samuel (groin) was declared inactive again.
