Cordarrelle Patterson ran for a career-high 108 yards and two touchdowns in his return from an ankle injury, and the Falcons found the end zone and the win column for the first time in three weeks in a 21-14 victory over woeful Jacksonville on Sunday.
Atlanta (5-6) finished with a season-high 149 yards on the ground, its most since October 2020.
The Falcons managed just a field goal in their previous two games, lopsided losses to Dallas and New England in which they turned over the ball seven times and failed to score a touchdown in consecutive games for the first time since 1987.
They put an emphasis on playing  against Jacksonville, and it paid off. It surely helped that the Jaguars (2-9) made all the early mistakes.
Trevor Lawrence threw an interception  on Jacksonville’s second series. James Robinson fumbled on the team’s next drive.
Atlanta initially turned Robinson’s turnover into a field goal, but Jaguars defensive lineman Roy Robertson-Harris was flagged for putting his hands on the center to gain leaping leverage. That gave the Falcons a new set of downs, and Patterson found a gaping hope up the middle for a 12-yard TD run.
Patterson also had a 7-yard score  on Atlanta's second possession.
The Falcons led 14-0 and then 21-3 on Matt Ryan’s TD pass to Russell Gage, but the Jags clawed their way back into the game late. Lawrence found Tavon Austin for a score and connected with James O’Shaughnessy for a 2-point conversion. Matt Wright added a 34-yard field goal in the fourth period to make it a one-score game.
Jacksonville forced a punt and got the ball back with 2:14 remaining, but Lawrence threw incomplete on four straight downs.
Falcons tight end Keith Smith potentially turned a 10-yard gain into a memorable photo. Smith caught a short pass in the flat in the third quarter and bowled over Jaguars safety Andrew Wingard with a combination of his 240-pound frame and a vicious stiff arm.
Dante Fowler got to perform his sack routine in his return to Jacksonville. The third overall pick in the 2015 NFL draft, Fowler took down Lawrence for a 10-yard loss in the second quarter and forced a fumble.
