He scored his first career TD and Baker Mayfield threw two touchdown passes as the Browns stayed in the thick of the AFC playoff race, surviving Baltimore's late comeback for a 24-22 win Sunday over the Ravens, who lost superstar quarterback Lamar Jackson with a sprained right ankle.
Garrett stripped Ravens backup QB Tyler Huntley, scooped up the fumble and rambled 15 yards for a TD in the first half as the Browns (7-6) built a 24-3 lead and held off the injury-riddled Ravens (8-5).
Following Friday's practice, Garrett made some pointed comments toward his teammates that some interpreted as trouble inside Cleveland's locker room. Instead, it seemed to be a message of inspiration.
 said cornerback Denzel Ward, who made a tackle to stop Baltimore's final drive. "He’s a leader for our team. That’s what he’s got to do. He challenged everybody. Even though he challenged us, Myles, he’s going to come in and back it up, though, as well.
Healthier than he's been in weeks following Cleveland's bye, Mayfield connected with Jarvis Landry and Austin Hooper on first-half scores as the Browns avoided fading out of the playoff picture.
Of course it helped that Jackson went down on the first play of the second quarter and didn't return.
Huntley spent much of the second half scrambling from trouble, but he kept Baltimore close and the Ravens, who trailed 24-6 at half, pulled within 24-22 on Huntley's 8-yard TD pass to Mark Andrews with 1:17 to go.
Baltimore then recovered an onside kick, but couldn't convert on fourth-and-6 as Ward tackled receiver Rashod Bateman well short of the marker and the Cleveland crowd could finally exhale.
Ravens kicker Justin Tucker made field goals of 50, 42 and 55 yards.
The Browns opened their 21-point lead late in the second quarter when Garrett set Cleveland's single-season sacks record in style — scoring on the play.
With the Ravens at their own 20, Garrett got around left tackle Alejandro Villanueva and knocked the ball free from Huntley. Garrett scooped it up and went down the left sideline for the score.
 said Browns end Jadeveon Clowney, who had a key late sack. “I was trying to tip it to myself. I saw him come up there and get it and I was like, ‘You’ve got the whole trifecta — the sack, the fumble recovery and the touchdown.’
Neither are the good-one-week-bad-the-next Browns, whose postseason chances would have been badly damaged with a loss.
Andrews had 11 catches for 115 yards and broke Baltimore's single-season record for yards receiving by a tight end, surpassing Todd Heap’s 855 in 2005. ... Huntley went 27 of 38 for 270 yards — 225 after halftime. ... Baltimore was 1 of 12 on third-down conversions, but 3 of 4 on fourth down.
Garrett broke the club sacks record he came in sharing with Reggie Camp (14, 1984). The Browns have players with higher numbers, but the league didn't count sacks as an individual statistic until 1982.
Browns: RB Kareem Hunt hurt his left ankle while making a third-down catch in the first quarter. It was Hunt's second game back after missing five with a calf injury. ... Mayfield was checked for a concussion and cleared in the third quarter. Backup Case Keenum replaced him for one play.
Browns: Are home against Las Vegas on Dec. 18, the first of two consecutive Saturday games.
