Slay  scooped up the loose football on the final play of he third quarter and returned it 83 yards for a touchdown, sparking the Philadelphia Eagles' 30-13 upset of the Denver Broncos on Sunday.
The Broncos were driving for the tying touchdown late in the third quarter when linebacker Davion Taylor punched the ball out of Melvin Gordon III's arms just as he bulled his way across the line on fourth-and-1 from the Eagles 23.
Slay lost the handle on it himself and with tight end Albert Okwuegbunam bearing down on him, Slay recovered it on the bounce at his 18, stuck his left arm in the grass to keep his balance at the 16, then gathered himself at his 12 as linebacker Genard Avery blocked tight end Noah Fant.
Slay reversed field and ran down the Eagles' jubilant sideline, slipping tight end Eric Saubert's tackle at the 30-yard line and racing right past quarterback Teddy Bridgewater — who didn't even try to tackle him — at the Philadelphia 45.
Bridgewater explained he was trying to turn Slay back toward the middle of the field so a teammate could make the tackle, but there were no more orange jerseys at that point and Slay's score as the quarter ended made it 27-13.
Taylor, who played college ball at Colorado 45 minutes away, said he wanted to block for Slay downfield '"
Rookie DeVonta Smith hauled in two TD passes from Jalen Hurts and the Eagles (4-6) rushed for 214 yards in winning their fourth road game.
Five times the Broncos crossed the Eagles' 25-yard line and just once did they reach the end zone, on Gordon's 1-yard run in the first half. They frittered away several golden opportunities, including a 22-yard field goal try by Brandon McManus that was blocked by safety K’Von Wallace, who sliced through the line untouched just like a Dallas defender did on a punt last week.
The Broncos, 1-20 when trailing at halftime under coach Vic Fangio, also wasted Albert Okwuegbunam's 64-yard catch-and-run to the 8 and safety Justin Simmons' interception just before Gordon's fumble.
With offensive coordinator Pat Shurmur out with a COVID-19 infection, Fangio praised Broncos QBs coach Mike Shula's play calls. But the first series was a debacle: a 1-yard run, and a drop and a catch for minus-2 yards on two passes behind the line of scrimmage sandwiched by a field goal and a TD by Philadelphia.
Eagles TE Dallas Goedert left the game with a concussion after an unflagged helmet-to-helmet hit by Simmons on a 24-yard catch that set up the Eagles' first touchdown. Broncos ILB Baron Browning, the team's defensive play caller, injured his back on Denver's second defensive series and didn't return.
