A fumble recovered by the Atlanta Falcons.
Zane Gonzalez kicked four field goals and Hubbard scored on a 6-yard run with 6 1/2 minutes remaining to seal Carolina's 19-13 win over the Atlanta Falcons, snapping a four-game skid for the Panthers.
Hubbard wasn't flustered after Deion Jones stripped the ball from him on the very first play from scrimmage, leading to a Falcons' field goal.
He certainly moved on, along with a Carolina offense that ran the ball time and time again to make things easier on embattled quarterback Sam Darnold.
Carolina rushed for 203 yards, led by Hubbard with 82 yards on 24 bruising carries. Darnold chipped in with 66 yards on the ground — the second-best rushing performance of his career — before being knocked out of the game with a concussion.
Carolina's defense totally stuffed Matt Ryan and the Falcons, who managed a measly 213 yards total offense.
Stephon Gilmore, in his first game with the Panthers, and Shaq Thompson, in his return from a foot injury, both had key interceptions.
Ryan had one of the worst games of his career, held to 146 yards passing with three sacks — plus a bloody hand after a Carolina defender stepped on it.
Darnold bounced back from a benching in a 25-3 loss to the New York Giants with a performance that was good enough to win for Carolina (4-4).
He threw for a mere 129 yards on 13 of 24 completions but made none of the glaring miscues that raised questions about his job security.
On an 8-yard bootleg deep in Atlanta territory, Darnold took a brutal shot from Falcons linebacker Foye Oluokun that nearly knocked his helmet off, leaving P.J. Walker to finish the game.
Walker overcame an ill-advised pass into the end zone, which was ruled incompletion rather than an interception. Rhule was not pleased at all with the decision to flip the ball into a crowd of defenders.
To that point, Gonzales had provided the rest of the points on field goals of 29, 51, 57 and 23 yards. The 57-yarder was the longest of his career.
Younghoe Koo had a chance to put Atlanta ahead in the fourth quarter, but his 45-yard field-goal attempt was wide right.
It was his first miss of any kind this season. Koo had been 11 of 11 on field goals, hitting from 46 yards for Atlanta's first points after Hubbard's fumble, and perfect on 14 extra points.
Cordarrelle Patterson scored Atlanta's lone touchdown, turning a short pass into a 15-yard touchdown early in the second quarter.
Koo booted a 53 -yard field goal with 16 seconds remaining, but the Panthers recovered an onside kick to seal the victory.
It was the second game he has missed his season to deal with what the team had described as a personal matter. He also stayed home when the Falcons defeated the New York Jets in London on Oct. 10.
Falcons: Ryan sustained the cut on his left (non-throwing) hand when Panthers DE Morgan Fox stepped on it in the second quarter. Ryan was bleeding badly but finished the possession, using a towel to wipe off the blood. After throwing an interception, he was taped up on the sideline and played the rest of the game with a black glove on his left hand.
Falcons: Travel to New Orleans next Sunday for their second straight NFC South game against the Saints.
