Jalen Hurts threw three touchdown passes, the first of them to Heisman Trophy winner DeVonta Smith, and the Eagles made a winner of Nick Sirianni in his head coaching debut with a 32-6 rout of the hapless Falcons on Sunday.
Now firmly entrenched as the Eagles starter after Carson Wentz was traded, Hurts certainly looked the part with touchdown passes of 18 yards to Smith, 9 yards to Dallas Goedert and 23 yards to Jalen Reagor.
Another Philadelphia rookie, fifth-round pick Kenneth Gainwell, scored his first TD as a pro with an 8-yard run late in the third quarter to essentially seal the victory.
The Falcons looked downright inept in their first game under coach Arthur Smith.
After settling for field goals on two impressive drives to start the game, Atlanta didn't do much of anything the rest of the way. The Falcons never advanced farther than the Philadelphia 49 and finished with just 260 yards.
Matt Ryan was held to 164 yards passing and sacked three times.
He completed 27 of 35 passes for 264 yards and used his mobility to repeatedly neutralize Atlanta's attempts to shake him up with a wide variety of blitzes. He rushed for 62 yards on seven carries and was sacked only once.
The first TD of the Sirianni Era signaled the changing times in Philadelphia after the Eagles slumped to a 4-11-1 last season, leading to the firing of Super Bowl-winning coach Doug Pederson.
Hurts lofted a pass to DeVonta Smith, the No. 10 pick in the draft, along the left side of the end zone to give the Eagles a lead they never relinquished just past the midway point of the first quarter.
Smith took advantage of a nifty, borderline pick from tight end Zach Ertz to get just enough separation on cornerback Fabian Moreau to haul in the throw from Hurts. In an interesting twist, it was same end zone at Mercedes-Benz Stadium where Smith caught a championship-winning touchdown pass for Alabama in overtime in the 2018 national title game.
Hurts and Smith were teammates for two years with the Crimson Tide. The Eagles hope this is the first of many touchdowns they'll team up for in the NFL.
When asked about scoring on the first catch of his NFL career, Smith said,  He finished with six receptions for a team-leading 71 yards.
Right guard Brandon Brooks and right tackle Lane Johnson, a pair of three-time Pro Bowlers, were back from injuries. Jordan Mailata, a former Australian rugby star, lived up to a lucrative new contract he signed a day earlier after beating out 2019 first-round pick Andre Dillard for the left tackle spot.
Javon Hargrave had two of Philadelphia's sacks, both on fourth-down plays in the closing minutes when the Falcons were forced to go for it on consecutive possessions.
Targeted eight times, the rookie from Florida finished with four catches for 31 yards.
