CeeDee Lamb had 122 yards from scrimmage, Tony Pollard ripped off a 58-yard touchdown run and the Dallas defense produced a drive-stalling sack and three interceptions in the fourth quarter of a 27-17 victory over the New Orleans Saints on Thursday night.
The Cowboys (8-4) intercepted Saints quarterback Taysom Hill four times in all — three times in the final 6:32 of the game, including defensive tackle Carlos Watkins' pick-6 on a screen pass that made it 27-10 with 2:52 left.
The Saints (5-7) gave the dual-threat Hill his first start this season in hopes he could help New Orleans snap a four-game skid. He was effective in spurts, passing for 264 yards and two touchdowns — and running for 101 yards — while playing through an early injury to the middle finger of his throwing hand.
But Hill's turnovers proved too much to overcome as the Saints — winners of the NFC South the previous four seasons — lost a fifth straight game for the first time since 2005, the season before Payton took over in New Orleans.
Dak Prescott passed for 238 yards and a 1-yard touchdown to Michael Gallup.
Prescott was intercepted by Marshon Lattimore in the middle of the fourth quarter, but the Cowboys canceled out that turnover when Jourdan Lewis hit Hill’s arm as he released the ball and Damontae Kazee intercepted.
That was the first of Dallas' three late interceptions. The Saints' next drive stalled on a pick by Trevon Diggs, his league-leading ninth. And Watkins' interception came on the drive after that.
 said Parsons, whose 10th sack of the season also ended a Saints threat early in the fourth quarter. 
Saints receiver Deonte Harris turned a short pass into a late 70-yard TD for the game's final score.
The Saints' first scoring threat came on their second drive, but Brett Maher's 56-yard field goal attempt drifted wide right.
Dallas broke through on its third possession, highlighted by Prescott's 41-yard pass over the middle to Amari Cooper and a lateral pass to Lamb that went for 33 yards to the New Orleans 1. Prescott then tossed a fade to the right corner, where Gallup made a leaping, twisting catch over cornerback Bradley Roby and narrowly touched both feet in bounds.
The Saints tied it on Lil'Jordan Humphrey's 24-yard TD catch early in the second quarter, but never led.
After Greg Zuerlein's 55-yard field goal put Dallas up 10-7, the Saints threatened late in the second half when they drove to the Dallas 26. But Hill's pass toward the left sideline was tipped by receiver Kenny Stills and intercepted at the 5 by Jayron Kearse, who dived to snag the fluttering ball while dragging his toes on the turf before falling out of bounds.
The game remained close into the third quarter, when Pollard gave Dallas a 20-10 advantage by slipping an arm tackle in the backfield and speeding away from everyone else.
Saints: Hours before the game, the Saints placed defensive end Tanoh Kpassagnon on injured reserve after he'd missed the previous two games with an ankle injury. ... Juwan Johnson hurt his neck after making a leaping 27-yard catch near the end of the first quarter.
