Alvin Kamara and Taysom Hill each had touchdown runs and New Orleans left its comfortable dome and withstood Cleveland's arctic-like conditions in a 17-10 win Saturday over the Browns, who were officially eliminated from the playoffs.
Quarterback Deshaun Watson drove Cleveland to the Saints' 15 in the final minute, but he was sacked on fourth down by Carl Granderson — one play after tight end David Njoku let a TD pass slip through his hands — with 19 seconds left, ending the Browns' postseason hopes.
Kamara scored on a 4-yard run late in the third quarter — set up by Daniel Sorensen's interception of Watson and 36-yard return — as the Saints, still kicking in the NFC playoff hunt, overcame a 10-0 deficit.
Watson had a 12-yard rushing TD but struggled to pass in the blustery conditions (15 of 31 for 135 yards) and fell to 2-2 as a starter since returning from his 11-game suspension for sexual misconduct allegations.
The Browns' porous rushing defense was a problem once again as the Saints, rotating Andy Dalton and Hill at quarterback and snapping it directly to Kamara, rolled up 152 yards on the ground.
 said Hill, who ran for 56 yards on nine carries. 
The temperature was 6 degrees at kickoff, making it the coldest regular-season game in Cleveland history. Only the Browns’ 1981 playoff game (1 degree) against the Oakland Raiders was worse.
After getting a 23-yard field goal by Wil Lutz on the final play of the first half, New Orleans took the second-half kickoff and drove 67 yards for a tying TD with Hill barreling in from the 8-yard-line to make it 10-all with 9:40 left.
With Cleveland's offense unable to do anything productive, the defense came through as safety Grant Delpit intercepted a pass by Dalton that went off tight end Juwan Johnson's hands and returned it 40 yards to the Saints' 30.
Five plays later, Watson swept left on third down and scored untouched for his first rushing TD with Cleveland.
The Browns then ate up 8:44 on the clock with a drive capped by rookie Cade York's 30-yard field goal to take a 10-0 led.
