Diggs had a game-high six catches for 108 yards and ran a perfect route in making a 26-yard touchdown catch in a 27-17 win over over the Packers, who are off to their worst start eight games into a season under Aaron Rodgers.
In an outing that was both chippy — Packers linebacker Quay Walker getting ejected for shoving Bills practice squad tight end Zach Davidson on the sideline — and sloppy, the Bills (6-1) never trailed in winning their fourth straight and matched their best start to a season since 1993.
In the meantime, the showdown between two of the NFL’s top quarterbacks, Rodgers and Buffalo’s Josh Allen, never really materialized.
Allen finished 13 of 25 for 218 yards and two touchdowns with two interceptions. He added 49 yards rushing, including a powerful 20-yard gain on third-and-14 to set up his 1-yard TD pass to Dawson Knox that opened the scoring.
Allen was unhappy with the two interceptions he threw in the fourth quarter, which briefly gave the Packers life.
Rodgers, meantime, was unable to will the Packers to victory a week after he called out teammates, cited too many mental errors and shared the blame following a 23-21 loss at Washington.
Rodgers’ message following the latest loss was more understated this time.
Rodgers finished 19 of 30 for 203 yards with two touchdowns and an interception. He was limited by an injury-depleted group of receivers. Green Bay was already missing veterans Allen Lazard (shoulder) and Randall Cobb (ankle), and then lost Christian Watson to a concussion in the first quarter.
Rookie Romeo Doubs had a 19-yard TD catch in the second quarter, and fellow rookie Samori Toure caught a 37-yard TD pass — the second catch of his career — with 6:32 remaining.
The lack of a downfield threat — especially after the Packers traded Davante Adams to Las Vegas this offseason — remains a concern for Rodgers.
 said Rodgers, who completed just three passes beyond 20 yards.
The Bills, meantime, continue a season-opening stretch in which they’ve defeated three NFL MVP quarterbacks, following a 23-20 win over Lamar Jackson and the Ravens on Oct. 2, and a 24-20 win over Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs two weeks ago.
 pass-rusher Von Miller said of the Bills staying poised amid the trash-talking and with the defense allowing a season-worst 398 yards offense, and 208 yards rushing.
The loss ended Rodgers’ streak of 13 straight wins in prime-time outings, which had been the longest in the NFL since 1970. ... The Packers fell to 0-7 in road games against the Bills. ... Diggs, who spent his first five NFL seasons with the Packers’ NFC North rival Minnesota Vikings, became the first player to score a touchdown in eight consecutive games against Green Bay. Randy Moss scored for the Vikings in seven straight meetings with the Packers.
