Hill ran for three touchdowns, including a 60-yarder in the fourth quarter, and threw for another score, and New Orleans snapped a three-game skid with a 39-32 victory over the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday.
Hill completed the only pass he’s attempted this season for a 22-yard score to fellow tight end Adam Trautman. His other running TDs went for 8 and 9 yards.
Against the Seahawks, he rushed for 112 yards on nine carries.
Alvin Kamara returned from his rib injury and provided New Orleans (2-3) a boost with 103 yards rushing and 91 yards receiving, highlighted by his 54-yard gain on a screen pass.
 said Dalton, who completed 16 of 24 passes for 187 yards with one TD pass and one interception.
The game was marked by big plays and dramatic momentum swings. There were six lead changes, five touchdowns that spanned 35 or more yards and even 56-yard field goals by each team.
 said Seahawks coach Pete Carroll said, who noted his particular displeasure with New Orleans’ 235 yards rushing on a day when the Saints’ passing game was bound to be hampered by the absences of receivers Michael Thomas (foot) and Jarvis Landry (ankle).
Smith passed for 268 yards and three scores, hitting DK Metcalf for a 50-yard TD and Tyler Lockett for touchdowns of 35 and 40 yards.
The Seahawks took a 32-31 lead when Kenneth Walker rushed for a 69-yard TD. But the Saints went back in front for good on Hill's long run shortly after.
Hill is just the third NFL player since 1970 to rush for 100 yards and three TDs while also passing for a score in a game, according to ESPN Stats and Information. The others were LaDainian Tomlinson in 2005 and Miami's Ronnie Brown in 2008. Hill also became the first Saints since Archie Manning in 1977 to rush for three TDs and pass for one in a game.
Three touchdowns were set up by fumbles or a turnover on downs.
The first came when Seattle punter Michael Dickson rolled right to make a rugby-style kick, but aborted and was tackled at his own 13, setting up Hill's second TD run.
Kamara's fumble, recovered by Seattle cornerback Tariq Woolen, set up Smith's first scoring strike to Tyler Lockett 7 seconds before halftime.
Metcalf's third-quarter fumble, forced by linebacker Pete Werner and recovered by defensive tackle David Onyemata at the Seattle 31, led to Chris Olave's 16-yard TD.
Seahawks: Running back Rashaad Penny left the game with an ankle injury that Carroll described as serious. Defensive tackle Al Woods, a menacing presence for much of the first half, left the game with a knee injury. Right guard Gabe Jackson left with a hip flexor and receiver Penny Hart left with a hamstring injury.
