Shenault caught a momentum-changing 67-yard touchdown pass from Baker Mayfield in the fourth quarter, Marquis Haynes returned a fumble 44 yards for a touchdown and the Panthers defeated the New Orleans Saints 22-14 to snap a nine-game losing streak.
Mayfield threw for 170 yards, Christian McCaffrey ran for 108 and Shenault had 90 yards receiving as the Panthers (1-2) won at home for the first time since beating the Saints 26-7 on Sept. 19, 2021.
Jameis Winston, playing with an injured back, completed 25 of 41 passes for 353 yards with a touchdown and two interceptions, while rookie Chris Olave had nine catches for 147 yards for a Saints wide receiver corps that lost Michael Thomas, Jarvis Landry and Tre’Quan Smith to injuries in the second half.
Carolina's defense held Winston and the Saints scoreless for three quarters before Mark Ingram cut the lead to 13-7 with a 5-yard TD run early in the fourth.
But on the second play of the ensuing series, Shenault caught a pass in the flat, juked a defender and raced along the left sideline for a touchdown to give the Panthers some cushion with 12:06 left.
Cornerback Jaycee Horn got a hand on Winston's pass on a blitz and 320-pound defensive tackle Derrick Brown reached out to grab the ball with one hand for the interception, setting up Eddy Pineiro's third field goal to give Carolina a 22-7 lead. Winston answered with a 4-yard TD pass to Marquez Callaway, but Horn intercepted Winston on a desperation Hail Mary at midfield as time expired.
Winston fell to 4-7 against the Panthers during his career, with 18 interceptions and 10 touchdown passes.
Defensive end Cameron Jordan said the Saints have to be better against the run if they want to get back on the winning track.
The Saints (1-2) committed three turnovers in all and were flagged seven times for 58 yards. Wil Lutz missed one field goal and had another blocked as part of the parade of errors.
But they got a big one early as Frankie Luvu reached his arm in and ripped the ball away from Alvin Kamara at the line of scrimmage. Haynes picked up the loose ball and rambled 44 yards for a touchdown with an entourage by his side.
Luvu said it felt great to get a turnover after he dropped a potential Pick-6 in a 19-16 loss to the New York Giants last week.
Saints: The wide receiver position was decimated by injuries in the second half with Landry (ankle), Thomas (toe) and Smith (concussion) all leaving the game. Smith had 105 yards receiving on four catches before exiting. ... LG Andrus Peat left early with a concussion.
