This win meant a little bit more.
Watson threw a touchdown pass in his home debut for Cleveland, leading the Browns to an ugly 13-3 win on Saturday over the Baltimore Ravens, who need injured star quarterback Lamar Jackson to get back quickly.
Baltimore had won six of seven. But the loss knocked the Ravens out of first in the AFC North, dropping them a half-game back of Cincinnati pending the Bengals' game at Tampa Bay on Sunday.
 Watson said, explaining his feelings at the conclusion. "Just to be able to get my first victory in my first home start, just to get a victory against a tough divisional team. Last week we wanted that one, and it didn’t go our way.
Watson, who connected with Donovan Peoples-Jones on a 3-yard TD pass in the third quarter, left FirstEnergy Stadium with a game ball tucked under his right arm.
Watson finished 18 of 28 for 161 yards, and added 22 on the ground. He's still not close to playing like a three-time Pro Bowler or franchise QB, but there's no doubt he's getting better every time.
 said Browns star Myles Garrett, w ho had 1 1/2 sacks. 
Browns rookie Cade York made two field goals — and missed two tries — but outkicked Ravens All-Pro Justin Tucker, the league's most accurate kicker, who missed a 48-yarder and had another attempt blocked by Cleveland defensive tackle Jordan Elliott.
Tyler Huntley, who was only cleared from concussion protocol a few days ago, started again for Jackson but couldn't get Baltimore going. Huntley went 17 of 30 for 138 yards, but threw a critical interception inside Cleveland's 10 in the third.
Baltimore's J.K. Dobbins ran for 125 yards, and the Ravens rolled up 198 yards rushing. But forced to throw while playing from behind in the fourth, Huntley couldn't come up with a big play.
 coach John Harbaugh said with Huntley sitting nearby. "It’s not a good enough passing game right now across the board to do the things that we’re hoping to do. So, that will be priority one.
After Denzel Ward intercepted Huntley, Watson directed a 91-yard scoring drive, delivering his TD strike to Peoples-Jones with 2:10 left in the third.
The formula worked the previous two weeks, and despite some offensive issues, Baltimore was positioned to tie it at 6 before Tucker hooked a 48-yard attempt on the final play of the second quarter.
Tucker apologized to his teammates following the game.
Jackson was injured in the first quarter of Baltimore's 10-9 win over Denver on Dec. 4.
Browns: DE Jadeveon Clowney sustained a head injury late in the second quarter. ... S John Johnson III (thigh) went out in the third quarter, shortly after forcing and recovering a fumble.
