NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- — Ryan Tannehill and the rest of the banged-up Tennessee Titans know opposing defenses start game plans around stopping two-time NFL rushing leader Derrick Henry.
Turns out an aching Tannehill and a patchwork defense were more than enough against the struggling Denver Broncos.
Tannehill returned after missing the last two games with a sprained ankle by throwing two touchdown passes to Nick Westbrook-Ikhine as the Titans rallied from a 10-point deficit to beat the Broncos 17-10 on Sunday.
The Titans (6-3) won for the sixth time in seven games. Tannehill appeared rusty early as the Titans fell behind 10-0 in the second quarter and were trailing 208-53 in total yards shortly before halftime.
 first-year Denver coach Nathaniel Hackett said of the Broncos' five losses by a combined 21 points. 
Henry was held to 53 yards on 19 carries, snapping the NFL rushing leader's streak of five straight 100-yard rushing games.
The Broncos had plenty of chances but couldn’t score after halftime. Russell Wilson had a final chance to tie the game, but his pass on fourth-and-8 from the Titans 25 was tipped and picked off by Terrance Mitchell with 11 seconds left.
The quarterback accounted for 70 yards on a drive capped with a 9-yard TD pass to Westbrook-Ikhine to pull within 10-7. In the third quarter, Titans used a flea-flicker with Henry tossing the ball back to Tannehill, who found Westbrook-Ikhine wide open down the right sideline for a go-ahead 63-yard TD.
Undrafted in 2020 out of Indiana, Westbrook-Ikhine had a career-high 119 yards receiving. He also had his first career two-TD game after not having a TD catch this season. Tannehill finished with 255 yards passing.
Tennessee still sacked Wilson six times with Rashad Weaver and DeMarcus Walker having 1 1/2 sacks each. The veteran QB, whose first season with Denver since being acquired in a trade from Seattle has been disastrous, went 21-of-42 for 286 yards, one touchdown and the late pick.
Denver scratched safety Justin Simmons because of the knee he hurt two weeks ago in the Broncos' win over Jacksonville in London, and P.J. Locke made his first NFL start. Linebacker Baron Browning also was scratched.
Wilson got the Broncos across midfield for the first time midway through the second quarter when he found Jalen Virgil on the left sideline for a short pass the undrafted rookie from Appalachian State took 66 yards for the TD on his first NFL catch.
The Broncos added a 39-yard field goal by Brandon McManus.
Broncos right tackle Billy Turner hurt a knee in the second quarter and did not return. Center Graham Glasgow, starting in place of the injured Lloyd Cushenberry III, hurt a shoulder late in the third. He was replaced by rookie Luke Wattenberg, who had played one snap previously.
Tennessee's Randy Bullock kicked a 35-yard field goal and two extra points despite dealing with an unspecified injury or issue shortly before kickoff. Bullock had one kickoff that went just 47 yards, so rookie punter Ryan Stonehouse handled kickoffs in the second half with two touchbacks.
