EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- — The New York Giants have been finding ways to win all season and they came up with a new one against the Houston Texans.
Barkley carried a career-high 35 times for 152 yards and scored a touchdown as the surprising Giants returned from their bye week and beat the Houston Texans 24-16 on Sunday.
 said quarterback Daniel Jones, who threw two touchdown passes to help the Giants improve to 7-2. 
The Giants seemed to come into the game planning to run against the NFL's lowest-ranked run defense. Jones handed the ball off 42 times and carried another five times himself as New York gained 191 yards rushing.
Barkley, who had contract talks with the Giants during the bye week without reaching a new deal, downplayed the number of carries, adding he was feeling fine after the game.
 said Barkley, who scored on a 2-yard run in the third quarter after the Texans (1-7-1) closed to 14-10.
Jones, who was 13 of 17 for 197 yards, hit tight end Lawrence Cager on a 9-yard TD pass and Darius Slayton on a 54-yard catch and run as the Giants tallied on their opening possession of each half in building a 14-3 lead.
The Giants defense preserved the win, forcing two red-zone turnovers in the fourth quarter. Linebacker Jaylon Smith recovered Dameon Pierce's fumble at the 11-yard line and Dane Belton intercepted Davis Mills' pass in the end zone, one play after Houston lost a TD pass to Brandin Cooks because of a holding call.
Mills (22 of 37 for 319 yards) threw a 12-yard touchdown pass to Nico Collins. Ka'imi Fairbairn kicked field goals of 38, 34 and 46 yards for Houston, which has lost four straight.
Fairbairn's last field goal cut the lead to eight points with 7 seconds to play but Adoree Jackson recovered the onside kick to seal the win.
Pierce ran for 94 yards and had two catches for 28 yards for the Texans.
Cager was elevated from the practice squad for the game and the TD catch was the first of his brief four-game career, three with the Jets. He also recovered an onside kick after Fairbairn's second field goal. ... Texans TE Jordan Akins had three catches for 72 yards. ... Slayton finised with three catches for 95 yards.
