While Pickett remains very much the face of the future, for one remarkable quarter on Sunday, Trubisky seized the present and offered a glimpse of the player he believes he can still be while helping orchestrate a stunning 20-18 victory over Tom Brady and the suddenly adrift Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
 said Pittsburgh wide receiver Chase Claypool, whose 6-yard touchdown reception with 9:59 remaining provided the winning points. 
Pittsburgh (2-4) snapped a four-game losing streak behind 144 yards passing from Trubisky — who filled in after Pickett went into the concussion protocol late in the third quarter — and a largely anonymous defense that somehow found a way to beat Brady, a task far more star-studded versions of the Steelers have failed to do through the years.
Brady completed 25 of 40 passes for 243 yards and a touchdown but also saw drives bog down consistently in the red zone. Four times Tampa Bay drove inside the Pittsburgh 20. Three times the drive ended with Ryan Succop kicking a field goal instead of an extra-point attempt.
The seven-time Super Bowl champion let his teammates know it. At one point cameras caught Brady excoriating an offensive line that let the Steelers — who had barely produced much of a pass rush since T.J. Watt went down with a left pectoral injury in the season opener — make Brady far more uncomfortable than he's used to.
Then again, neither were the Steelers, who were outclassed in every way imaginable during the club's worst loss since 1989. Head coach Mike Tomlin, faced with the prospect of his first losing season in 16 years on the job, ordered his players to dig in.
They responded by producing one of the most improbable regular-season wins of his long tenure as 10-point underdogs at home. Linebacker Devin Bush, a former first-round pick whose erratic play led the team not to pick up his fifth-year option, knocked away a 2-point conversion attempt with 4:38 remaining after Brady's touchdown pass to Leonard Fournette cut Pittsburgh's lead to two.
Trubisky did the rest, connecting with Claypool for a 26-yard gain down the sideline, then running 9 yards on an option play as the Steelers simultaneously bled the clock and stop the bleeding — at least momentarily — on a season that was on the verge of spinning out of control.
Pickett's first NFL start at the same stadium where he starred at the University of Pittsburgh ended early after he was knocked to the ground by Tampa Bay linebacker Devin White in the third quarter shortly after throwing an incomplete pass.
The 20th overall pick in the draft lay on the turf for several seconds before slowly picking himself up as officials motioned for Pittsburgh's training staff to check on him. Pickett then sat down briefly while being tended to before going into the protocol. He completed 11 of 18 passes for 67 yards and his first touchdown pass, a 6-yard flip to Najee Harris in the first quarter.
Tampa Bay: Tight end Cameron Brate left on a stretcher late in the third quarter after getting tackled by Pittsburgh linebacker Myles Jack following a 6-yard catch. Buccaneers head coach Todd Bowles said Brate is dealing with a neck injury.
Buccaneers: Travel to NFC South rival Carolina next week. Tampa Bay is 4-0 against the Panthers since Brady arrived in 2020.
