Heinicke provided the turnover-free leadership at quarterback Atlanta has sought all season, passing for 229 yards and a touchdown to lead the Falcons to a 29-10 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday.
The Falcons (7-8) benched Desmond Ridder this week for the second time this season following two straight losses, providing an opportunity for Heinicke to boost the team's fading playoff hopes. Ridder had been unable to avoid turnovers, throwing 10 interceptions with 11 fumbles to go with 10 touchdown passes.
Heinicke completed 23 of 33 passes without an interception, including a 24-yard touchdown pass to Kyle Pitts. Tyler Allgeier added a 31-yard touchdown run. The Falcons’ 29 points set a season high.
The Colts (8-7) had won five of six to move into a first-place tie in the AFC South, but struggled offensively after opening the game with a long drive capped by Jonathan Taylor's 1-yard scoring run.
The Indianapolis defense had only one sack of Heinicke, while the Colts' Gardner Minshew was sacked six times.
Minshew faced frequent pressure from the Falcons' pass rush, including on an incomplete fourth down pass from the Atlanta 38 with about 10 minutes remaining.
The Colts' next drive ended with Jessie Bates' interception of Minshew's pass over the middle intended for Alec Pierce. It was Bates' sixth interception of the season.
Minshew completed 20 of 37 passes for 201 yards with one interception.
Asked if the win provided more joy or relief, Smith said 
Last weekend's 9-7 loss to last-place Carolina knocked Atlanta out of a first-place tie in the division. The Falcons' fading hopes in the division were helped by New Orleans' 30-22 loss to the Los Angeles Rams on Thursday.
Rookie Bijan Robinson had 12 carries for 72 yards and a career-high seven catches for 50 yards. Younghoe Koo kicked five field goals.
Atlanta’s defense gave up its first touchdown on an opening drive of the season. Taylor needed three runs from the Atlanta 1 before scoring.
It also was the first rushing touchdown the Falcons have given up to a running back this season.
Taylor, who returned after missing three games with a thumb injury, had 18 carries for 43 yards. The Colts rushed for only 92 yards and were outgained 406-262 overall.
For the second time this season, Smith shaved his moustache before the game, perhaps hoping to change his team’s luck following back-to-back losses to NFC South rivals Tampa Bay and Carolina.
Colts: WR Michael Pittman (concussion, shoulder) and RB Zack Moss (forearm) did not play. Pittman was cleared from the concussion protocol on Friday and traveled with the team to Atlanta before being ruled out Saturday after again experiencing more symptoms. ... SS Julian Blackmon left the game in the second quarter with a shoulder injury.
