CLEVELAND -- — Baltimore was missing two receivers and its starting left tackle, later joined on the sideline by the starting right tackle. Its thin secondary was further depleted when two more defensive backs got hurt.
The Ravens were undermanned against the NFL's top-ranked defense.
Baltimore's electrifying quarterback ran for two touchdowns, threw for two more and made Cleveland's rebuilt defense look broken while leading the Ravens to a 28-3 win on Sunday over the Browns, who played without injured quarterback Deshaun Watson.
Jackson scored untouched on runs of 10 yards and 2 yards, and he threaded a 7-yard scoring pass to tight end Mark Andrews with 11 seconds left before halftime as the Ravens (3-1) opened a 21-3 lead.
Jackson put an exclamation point on the blowout in the fourth quarter with an 18-yard TD pass to Andrews, sending the few diehard Cleveland fans who hung around hoping for a comeback toward the exits.
 said Ravens coach John Harbaugh, who notched his 150th career win. 
Cleveland's offense, already missing star running back Nick Chubb for the season with a knee injury, gained just 166 yards — 53 on a meaningless final drive. Thompson-Robinson threw three interceptions and was sacked four times.
He finished 15 of 19 for 187 yards passing, added 27 yards rushing and made several spectacular plays, none bigger than his first TD throw to Andrews — over several defenders — in the back corner of the end zone.
 said Justice Hill, who had 33 yards on three carries. 
Watson injured his throwing shoulder last week on a running play in a win over Tennessee. It was the lone blemish in his best performance since arriving last year in a trade and serving an 11-game suspension.
Watson was limited in practice all week and was listed as questionable. After he threw a handful of passes three hours before kickoff, the Browns decided to start Thompson-Robinson.
On third down, Thompson-Robinson's intended pass for Amari Cooper was deflected by cornerback Arthur Maulet and corralled by Brandon Stephens, who returned his first career interception 52 yards to Cleveland's 10.
Browns star defensive end Myles Garrett had his left foot in a protective boot following the game after getting hurt in the third quarter. He also was taken for X-rays.
Garrett, who was credited with one sack, got his foot awkwardly bent under him when he was trying to bring down Jackson.
Cleveland tight end David Njoku played despite suffering burns on his face and arm while lighting a fire pit at home on Friday. Njoku caught a team-high six passes for 46 yards.
