TAMPA, Fla. -- — The tight NFC South race is going down to the final week of the regular season.
Derek Carr and the New Orleans Saints beat Tampa Bay 23-13 on Sunday, climbing back into a tie with the Buccaneers for first place in the NFL's only division that doesn't include a team with a winning record.
The Bucs (8-8) missed out on an opportunity to clinch their third straight NFC South title, sputtering most of the game offensively while Carr threw for two touchdowns and the Saints (8-8) intercepted Baker Mayfield twice and also forced two fumbles.
Tampa Bay can still repeat as division champions by winning at last-place Carolina in next weekend's regular-season finale.
If the Bucs lose to the Panthers, the winner of the finale between the Saints and Atlanta Falcons (7-9) in New Orleans will take the championship and host a playoff game the following week.
Carr completed 24 of 32 passes for 197 yards without an interception to outshine Mayfield, who played some of the best ball of his career during the four-game winning streak that carried the Bucs to the brink of clinching a fourth straight playoff berth.
The No. 1 overall pick from the 2018 draft, who's with his fourth team in six seasons, threw for nine touchdowns vs. one interception during the four-game surge that followed a stretch in which Tampa Bay lost six of seven.
Pressured all game by the Saints pass rush, Mayfield went 22 of 33 for 309 yards with two interceptions and two TDs on Sunday. He was sacked twice and didn't get the Bucs into the end zone until the fourth quarter, when Trey Palmer finished a 91-yard drive with a 22-yard TD catch.
Chris Godwin caught the second TD pass from Mayfield, scoring on a 47-yard reception with 1:37 remaining.
New Orleans led 17-0 at halftime, running twice as many plays (38 to Tampa Bay's 19) and outgaining the Bucs 202 yards to 44 up to that point. Mayfield was 5 of 10 for 43 yards passing through two quarters, with most of his production coming on a 33-yard completion to Mike Evans.
After turning the ball over just two times during their month-long surge, the Bucs lost the turnover battle 4-0 to the Saints.
New Orleans rebounded from a loss to the Los Angeles Rams that cost it a share of first place in the division the previous week.
Saints: WR Juwan Johnson (shoulder) left the game in the first quarter but returned to finish with eight catches for 90 yards and one TD. ... LB Nephi Sewell (knee) was carted off early in the second quarter and did not return. Two plays later, T Landon Young (knee) limped off with help from trainers. He did not return, either.
Buccaneers: LB Shaquil Barrett (groin) and CB Carlton Davis (concussion) were inactive after being injured the previous week against Jacksonville. ... S Kaevon Merriweather (quad) left the game in the fourth quarter.
