Wilson threw a pair of second-half touchdown passes in his return from a two-game benching, New York shut down C.J. Stroud before Houston's star rookie quarterback left late with a concussion and the Jets ended a five-game losing streak with a 30-6 victory over the Texans on Sunday.
Wilson was 27 of 36 for 301 yards — his third career game of 300 or more yards — after sitting in favor of the since-waived Tim Boyle. And that came despite Wilson facing consistent pressure all game and being sacked four times.
Breece Hall and Randall Cobb caught touchdown passes and Xavier Gipson ran for a score for the Jets (5-8), who reached 30 points for just the second time this season and first since beating Denver 31-21 in Week 5.
 said Garrett Wilson, who caught nine passes for 108 yards. 
Stroud, who came in leading the NFL in yards passing, was unable to do much against an aggressive Jets defense. He was just 10 of 23 for a season-low 91 yards before leaving with the head injury. The Texans (7-6) finished with just 135 total yards and went 1 for 12 on third down.
Now, they'll have to see if Stroud will be ready for next Sunday's game against AFC South-rival Tennessee.
The Jets finally broke through in the scoreless game on their opening drive of the second half when Zach Wilson found Cobb for a 15-yard touchdown.
The suddenly TD-happy Jets struck again on their next drive with Gipson taking a handoff and zipping into the end zone for a 9-yard score that made it 14-0 — New York's largest lead of the season to that point — with 4:31 left in the third quarter.
New York was driving again on its next possession, but Zach Wilson scrambled for 11 yards before Christian Harris knocked the ball out of the quarterback's hands and Khalil Davis recovered.
Stroud and the Texans took advantage, quickly moving downfield on passes of 26 yards to Andrew Beck and 23 to Brevin Jordan. A pass interference call on Tony Adams in the end zone put the ball at the 1 and Devin Singletary ran up the middle for a touchdown.
After Matt Ammendola missed the extra point, Zach Wilson and the Jets bounced back from the turnover by marching down the field on their next possession. A wide-open Hall took a pass 3 yards for a touchdown to make it 21-6 with 9:27 remaining.
It was the first time the Texans played in a scoreless first half, and the first for the Jets since Week 4 in 2007 in a 17-14 loss to Buffalo.
The teams combined for 11 punts — six by Houston, five by New York — and just 10 first downs — five by each.
