CLEVELAND -- — Nick Chubb's season-ending injury didn't crush the Cleveland Browns.
Myles Garrett sacked Ryan Tannehill 3 1/2 times and fronted a swarming defense that limited Tennessee to a record-low 94 yards as the Browns rolled to a 27-3 win over the Titans on Sunday.
Watson completed 27 of 33 passes for 289 yards and two touchdowns, his 43-yarder to Amari Cooper putting the Browns up 27-3 in the fourth quarter. Other than an ill-advised pitch while being harassed, Watson was on target.
 said Cooper, who had 116 yards on seven catches. 
Jerome Ford, who moved into Chubb’s starting spot, had two touchdowns — a 19-yard reception from Watson in the second quarter and a 3-yard run in the third.
It was the fewest yards for the Titans since they relocated from Houston in 1997. The previous low was 98 against Jacksonville in 2006.
The Browns held Tennessee All-Pro running back Derrick Henry to 20 yards on 11 carries, forced the Titans to punt seven times in nine possessions and held them to six first downs.
It was so one-sided that on Tennessee's lone scoring drive — capped by a 44-yard field goal from Nick Folk — the Titans lost 9 yards.
Tannehill was under siege all game. He was sacked five times, completed 13 of 25 passes for 104 yards and never got Tennessee's offense moving.
With the Titans driving for a possible score before halftime, Garrett sacked Tannehill on the final play of the half — a fitting finish for an attacking defense unleashed by first-year coordinator Jim Schwartz, who spent the past two seasons as an advisor with the Titans.
Cleveland's All-Pro end devoured the Titans, particularly left tackle Andre Dillard. On the last play of the half, Garrett sped around Dillard and was still being blocked when he grabbed and took down Tannehill.
Garrett's sack effectively ended the game, but Ford helped end any doubts with his TD run in the third quarter that put the Browns up 20-3.
An exclamation point for Cleveland's defense came on the first two plays of the fourth when Alex Wright and Garrett recorded sacks on consecutive plays, much to the delight of Schwartz, who smiled on the sideline.
Watson's TD pass to Ford came after Cleveland's quarterback took a shot to the head from linebacker Arden Key, who was called for roughing the passer on the same play the Titans were penalized for pass interference.
At that point, the Browns had outgained the Titans 117-2.
The Browns had what should have been a touchdown taken away in the first half, when field judge Jeff Shears ruled Cooper stepped out of bounds after a catch.
The play is not reviewable, and the Browns settled for a 52-yard field goal by Dustin Hopkins.
Tennessee's DeAndre Hopkins extended his streak of catching at least one pass to 148 games. He has caught a pass in every game in his career and his run is the longest active streak in the league.
Titans: Backup RB and special teamer Julius Chestnut (left leg) was injured on Tennessee's first punt. He was unable to put any weight on his leg while being taken to the locker room. ... CB Sean Murphy-Bunting, who forced and recovered a fumble in the first quarter, was evaluated for a concussion.
