INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- — Fans and some players might roll their eyes when a Week 6 game is described as a must win.
After playing one of the worst games of his eight-year career last week and with a bye week on the horizon, Prescott went into Monday night's game against the Los Angeles Chargers knowing anything other than victory would be detrimental to the Cowboys' hopes of contending for an NFC title.
Prescott responded by throwing for 272 yards and a touchdown as Dallas rallied in the fourth quarter for a 20-17 victory.
 said Prescott, who completed 21 of 30 passes and also had a rushing TD. 
The Cowboys — coming off a 42-10 loss at San Francisco on Oct. 8 — continue to prove they don't let losses fester. They improved to 10-1 in weeks following a loss since the start of the 2021 season.
Prescott became the 30th quarterback in NFL history to throw at least one touchdown pass against 31-or-more opponents when he connected with Brandin Cooks for a 2-yard score with 11:19 remaining in the game to give the Cowboys a 17-10 lead.
 said Cowboys receiver CeeDee Lamb, who had seven receptions for 117 yards. 
Prescott showed off his running ability midway through the first quarter when he faked a handoff on fourth-and-1 and went up the middle for an 18-yard touchdown to tie the game at 7-7. It was the longest rushing touchdown of Prescott’s eight-year career.
 said Prescott, who also had 40 rushing yards on seven carries. 
Los Angeles tied it at 17 with 7:11 remaining when Gerald Everett caught a 1-yard touchdown pass from Justin Herbert.
Brandon Aubrey made two field goals, including a 39-yarder with 2:19 remaining, to give the Cowboys the lead.
The Chargers (2-3) had one last chance to send it into overtime or win, but Stephon Gilmore picked off Herbert at the LA 33-yard line with 1:22 remaining to seal the victory. On the play immediately before the pick, Herbert was sacked by Micah Parsons for an 8-yard loss.
 said Herbert, who was 22 of 37 for 227 yards with two touchdowns and an interception. 
The Chargers started off well when they scored on their opening drive for the second straight game as Allen caught a 1-yard pass from Herbert on third-and-goal. Allen finished with seven catches for 85 yards.
Cooks' touchdown was set up by a 60-yard reception by Pollard on the first play of the fourth quarter.
Prescott scrambled out of pressure on third-and-11 at the Dallas 24 and completed a short pass to Pollard at the 32. Pollard then spun out of a tackle by Chargers cornerback Michael Davis at the 40 and appeared as if he would score a touchdown until he was brought down by Asante Samuel at the Chargers 16.
Dallas' Jalen Tolbert thought KaVontae Turpin got his hand on the ball, but Tolbert was the first to touch it. He fumbled and Chargers linebacker Amen Ogbongbemiga recovered it.
It was originally called a downed punt, but it was reversed after the Chargers challenged the call.
