CINCINNATI -- — With a mostly meaningless loss to the Bengals in the books, the Browns could turn their attention to preparing for their first playoff game in three years.
Cleveland coach Kevin Stefanski rested most of his starters Sunday in a 31-14 loss to Cincinnati. The Browns will play at AFC South champion Houston in the wild-card round on Saturday.
Jake Browning threw three touchdown passes, and Joe Mixon rushed for a season-high 111 yards and a score, reaching a couple milestones along the way.
The Bengals led 24-0 at halftime. Browns quarterback Jeff Driskel — signed Dec. 29 from Arizona's practice squad — didn't fare well against Cincinnati's defensive regulars until the fourth quarter, when he threw two touchdown passes to David Bell.
Cincinnati (9-8) finished above .500 for the third straight season, and the AFC North became the first division since the 1970 merger to have all its teams finish above .500. The Bengals avoided going winless against divisional foes.
Mixon's 1-yard rushing TD in the first quarter was his ninth of the season and 49th of his career, moving him to No. 2 on the Bengals' all-time list behind Pete Johnson's 64. Mixon also finished with 1,034 yards rushing, his fourth time in seven seasons topping the 1,000-yard mark.
Browning finished 4-3 as the Bengals' starter, passing for 156 yards against Cleveland before being relieved by AJ McCarron after three quarters. Andrei Iosivas caught two touchdown passes.
Driskel had 166 yards passing — 111 in the fourth quarter — and two interceptions.
Stefanski said he hadn't determined who would back up Flacco against the Texans.
Bengals defensive end Trey Hendrickson was credited with a half-sack on Driskel, which gave him 17 — second most in the league and two behind T.J. Watt of the Steelers.
Cleveland suffered a series of major injuries this season, including to quarterback Deshaun Watson and star running back Nick Chubb, but the Browns have the league's top-ranked defense, and Flacco made their offense dangerous with his deep passing ability.
