GREEN BAY, Wis. -- — Jordan Love celebrated his first career start at Lambeau Field by producing the type of comeback his four-time MVP predecessor orchestrated so often.
 said Love, who went 22 of 44 for 259 yards with one touchdown pass, a TD run and an interception. 
The Packers (2-1) scored 18 points in the final 11 minutes to win their 11th consecutive home opener, the NFL’s longest active streak. They took the lead on Love’s 8-yard pass to Romeo Doubs in the right corner of the end zone with 2:56 left.
Carr’s backup, Jameis Winston, threw a couple of completions to Chris Olave that drove the Saints (2-1) into scoring position before Blake Grupe’s 46-yard field-goal attempt sailed wide right with 1:05 left. It was the first career miss in seven attempts for Grupe, a rookie who played in college at Arkansas State and Notre Dame.
Green Bay became the third team in the past 30 years to win after being shut out 17-0 or worse through three quarters. The others were Carolina against Philadelphia on Oct. 21, 2018, and Tennessee against the New York Giants on Nov. 26, 2006.
The Packers were missing five key contributors: cornerback Jaire Alexander (back), running back Aaron Jones (hamstring), wide receiver Christian Watson (hamstring), left tackle David Bakhtiari (knee) and left guard Elgton Jenkins (knee). Bakhtiari and Jones were missing their second straight games, while Watson has yet to play this season.
New Orleans led 17-0 when Carr left with a shoulder injury in the third quarter after getting hit on one of Rashan Gary's three sacks.
On the opening play of the fourth quarter, Love couldn’t connect with Patrick Taylor on a fourth-and-2 pass from the Saints 13-yard line. The Packers still trailed 17-0 and had wasted numerous trips into Saints territory.
Love then sparked a rally against a secondary missing injured cornerback Paulson Adebo and suspended safety Marcus Maye.
Anders Carlson’s 38-yard field goal with 11 minutes left began Green Bay's comeback.
On the Packers’ next possession, Love faked a handoff to Taylor on a read option before making a move past Demario Davis and reaching the end zone on fourth-and-goal from the 1. Love connected with Samori Toure on a 2-point conversion to make it 17-11 with 6:58 remaining.
The Packers forced a three-and-out and took over at their 20 with 5:23 left. A 24-yard scramble by Love and a 30-yard diving catch by Jayden Reed set up the go-ahead touchdown.
New Orleans took its big lead by scoring touchdowns on Carr's 8-yard pass to Jimmy Graham and Rashid Shaheed's 76-yard punt return. Grupe's 25-yard field goal in the closing seconds of the first half made it 17-0.
