But following the end to his most tenuous season as an NFL coach, it remained very much unclear whether he'll ever do it again for the New England Patriots.
Breece Hall rushed for a career-high 178 yards and a late touchdown and the New York Jets snapped a 15-game losing streak against the Patriots with a 17-3 win Sunday in what could have been Belichick's final game with the franchise for which he hoisted six Lombardi trophies.
 Belichick said through a scratchy voice after fighting a cold this week. “As far as the future goes, I’ll sit down with (Patriots owner) Robert (Kraft) as I do every year at some point. ...
With snow covering the field and flurries swirling throughout Gillette Stadium, Greg Zuerlein kicked three field goals to help the Jets (7-10) earn their first victory over the Patriots since an overtime win on Dec. 27, 2015.
It marked the Jets’ first win in New England since the 2010 AFC divisional playoff round. It was also New York's first regular-season road win against the Patriots since 2008.
The Patriots’ 4-13 record is the worst in Belichick’s 29-year NFL coaching career. Sunday’s loss also marked the 178th of Belichick’s career, including the playoffs, tying him with Tom Landry for the most ever. It also ties the record of 165 regular-season losses held by Jeff Fisher and Dan Reeves.
Kraft will have to decide whether to part ways with Belichick, only the third coach who has worked for him since purchasing the team in 1994. With 333 victories, Belichick is currently 14 wins shy of equaling Hall of Fame coach Don Shula’s record of 347, including the playoffs.
Though it will be remembered by the Jets as the game that ended their losing streak, coach Robert Saleh said it's worth savoring any victory over Belichick.
The Jets led 9-3 when they went for it on fourth-and-1 at New England’s 37 with less than four minutes left, but Hall was stopped short and New York turned it over on downs.
But on New England’s ensuing play Bailey Zappe was sacked for a 16-yard loss and then intercepted on the next play by Ashtyn Davis. But Davis was stripped of the ball by Mike Gesicki and Vederian Lowe recovered for the Patriots.
New England’s momentum didn’t last, with Zappe intercepted two plays later by Tony Adams. Two plays later, Hall sealed it with a 50-yard TD run and 2-point conversion run. Hall had a career-high 37 carries.
The weather affected both offenses, particularly in the passing game.
In what has been a microcosm of the entire season, New England struggled to sustain drives and managed a season-low 120 yards. Zappe completed 12 of 30 passes for 88 yards and two interceptions.
Siemian finished 8 of 20 for 70 yards.
Patriots: Lowe left in the fourth quarter with a head injury after recovering Davis' fumble.
Patriots players wore pregame sweatshirts with the name and number of Slater, who will again contemplate retirement after 16 NFL seasons.
The wintry conditions made for a sparely attended finale Sunday, though the crowd included former Raiders coach and Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels and 2015 Super Bowl hero Malcolm Butler and three-game Super Bowl champion James White.
