While the Pittsburgh Steelers were trying to figure out how to erase a surprising 14-point deficit against one of the NFL's worst teams, the Cardinals took a different approach.
Fitting on a day when Kyler Murray, James Conner and company made all the right moves in an emphatic 24-10 victory over the listless Steelers, who lost starting quarterback Kenny Pickett to an ankle injury.
Conner ran for 105 yards and two scores against his former team and Murray improved to 2-2 since returning from a torn ACL in his right knee as the Cardinals (3-10) won at Pittsburgh for the first time since 1969.
A pair of weather delays — one for 30 minutes at halftime and another that lasted 53 minutes shortly after Conner's 1-yard touchdown dive — failed to blunt Arizona’s momentum.
That fight was on display late in the first half during a 15-play, 99-yard drive immediately following a goal-line stand that included five third down conversions and ended with a 5-yard dart from Murray to tight end Trey McBride.
The Steelers (7-5) never recovered. All the progress shown by the offense a week earlier in a win over Cincinnati disappeared, and for once the defense couldn't come up with the game-changing plays that have become the unit's trademark.
Pittsburgh failed to produce a turnover and let all three Arizona drives that reached the red zone end with a touchdown.
Still, the Cardinals showed signs of progress under first-year head coach Jonathan Gannon. Murray completed 13 of 23 passes for 145 yards and had 20 yards rushing. Arizona's defense bounced back from a nightmarish showing against the Rams a week ago in which it was lit up for 37 points and 452 yards.
Pittsburgh appeared to be ready to take control in the second quarter when it drove deep into Arizona territory. Pickett was tackled just short of the goal line while scrambling on third down, and Cardinals defensive end Jonathan Ledbetter fell on Pickett's legs.
Pickett tried to get up only to kneel on the turf. He was taken to the locker room for evaluation and replaced by Trubisky. The Steelers opted to go for it on fourth-and-goal from the 1, but Najee Harris was stuffed for no gain and the Cardinals responded by going the length of the field — most of it in a driving rain.
There were about 20 friends and relatives in the stands to watch him play the team he entered the league with. Conner had his second 100-yard game of the season and was awarded the game ball by Gannon.
