The franchise-wide makeover sparked by coach Doug Pederson's arrival less than two years ago is gaining momentum on the field, in the standings and — on Sunday anyway — in volume inside the tunnel underneath Acrisure Stadium, where shouts of  echoed following a decisive 20-10 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers.
All three were on display over the course of three-plus soggy hours as the Jaguars pushed around the Steelers (4-3) for long stretches to overcome three turnovers and win their fifth straight game going away.
Trevor Lawrence threw for 292 yards and connected with longtime teammate Travis Etienne for a 56-yard touchdown late in the third quarter that gave the Jaguars a 14-point cushion.
The kind of play that's become the norm for Jacksonville, which is now 13-4 over its last 17 regular-season games. The Jaguars have followed an ugly 20-point blowout loss to Houston on Sept. 24 by winning five games in four cities across two continents during an unbeaten October that's seen them strengthen their grip on the AFC South.
 tight end Evan Engram said after catching 10 passes for 88 yards, including a 34-yard gain in the fourth quarter that set up Brandon McManus' fourth field goal.
Etienne ran for 79 yards and caught three passes for 70 yards and the score. Jacksonville's defense — which Steelers wide receiver George Pickens said this week  its pass rush could get to the quarterback in time to save a shaky secondary — limited the Steelers to 261 total yards.
Pittsburgh played the second half without quarterback Kenny Pickett, who exited late in the first half with a rib injury after getting drilled by defensive end Adam Gotsis. Mitch Trubisky came on and threw for 139 yards, including a 22-yard touchdown pass to Pickens late in the third quarter that brought the Steelers within 17-10.
Trubisky, however, also threw two interceptions, including one in which he forced a pass into triple coverage early in the fourth quarter that ended up in the hands of Jacksonville's Andrew Wingard to hand the momentum back to the Jaguars.
Wide receiver Diontae Johnson pointed to a series of calls in the first half — namely a rare offensive offside on a field goal attempt that took three points off the board and the hit on Pickett by Gotsis — that played a significant factor in the outcome.
Steelers: Have three days to get ready for the Titans (3-4), who beat Atlanta 28-23 on Sunday behind four touchdown passes by rookie quarterback Will Levis.
