LONDON -- — Lamar Jackson scrambled, evaded tackles and made big throws when he needed to in his international debut.
The dynamic Ravens quarterback got a glowing review from his coach after a 24-16 win over the Tennessee Titans on Sunday at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Jackson threw a touchdown pass and Justin Tucker kicked six field goals and the Ravens (4-2) struggled mightily in the red zone.
After the Titans (2-4) rallied to pull within 18-13 after Derrick Henry's 15-yard touchdown run, Jackson led two more scoring drives — albeit for field goals — that clinched the victory.
 Jackson said of his interception that led to Henry's score. 
Jackson was 21 of 30 for 223 yards and he led the team with 62 yards on the ground.
The Ravens got plenty of chunk plays on offense and a 70-yard punt return by Devin Duvernay but several of their drives stalled deep in Tennessee territory.
Rookie receiver Zay Flowers scored his first NFL touchdown on a 10-yard pass after Jackson scrambled to his left and found the first-round draft pick open to make it 15-3.
The Titans looked sluggish early against an opponent that arrived in London several days before them.
Tennessee quarterback Ryan Tannehill limped off after the third quarter, replaced by Malik Willis. Tannehill, who was moving gingerly after a hit from Justin Madubuike in third quarter, finished 8 of 16 for 76 yards.
 he said, citing safety Geno Stone's momentum-changing interception on a deep ball that Tannehill left short for Chig Okonkwo late in the third.
The Ravens had six sacks — four of Willis, who was 4 of 5 for 74 yards passing.
Baltimore closed the first half with Tucker's 29 field goal after Titans returner Kyle Philips fumbled a punt and Baltimore recovered with a second remaining.
Henry's touchdown run in the third quarter followed Sean Murphy-Bunting interception in Baltimore territory.
A drive earlier, Henry took a direct snap and rumbled 63 yards — his longest run of the season — before the Titans settled for a field goal. Henry finished with 97 yards on 12 carries.
After Stone's interception, Baltimore still couldn't punch it in, though, with Jackson stopped at the 2 on third down. Tucker made his fifth field goal for a 21-13 lead, and added a sixth to complete an 11-play, 71-yard drive in the fourth quarter.
Nick Folk's third field goal of the game made it a one-score game, but his onside kick was recovered by the Ravens.
The Ravens scored on five of their six first-half possessions, but four of those were field goals. To start the second half, Baltimore had a pair of three-and-outs and the interception that set up the first rushing touchdown allowed by the Ravens this season.
Folk made three field goals under 40 yards, tying the NFL record of 70 for most consecutive kicks from that distance held by Tucker. Folk’s streak started six years ago. Tucker established the record in that range from 2016 to 2020. Folk’s 38-yarder late in the game made the score 24-16.
