MINNEAPOLIS -- — The grit Baker Mayfield showed Tampa Bay down the stretch of his debut sure outweighed the rough start.
Mayfield recovered to throw two touchdown passes without a turnover, and the Buccaneers beat Minnesota 20-17 in the season opener after three first-half turnovers by the Vikings on Sunday.
Chase McLaughlin — another key offseason addition for Tampa Bay — matched his career long with a 57-yard field goal for the lead with 5:10 left, and the Buccaneers forced a three-and-out on each of Minnesota’s last two possessions.
Mayfield, the first overall pick in the 2018 draft who landed with his fourth team in three years to take over for the retired Tom Brady, completed 21 of 34 passes after a 3-for-11 start. He hit Mike Evans for a score right before halftime for a 10-all tie.
Mayfield hustled around right end to convert a third-and-2 around the three-minute mark at the Minnesota 39. Chris Godwin made a stretched-out fingertip catch to convert third-and-10 right after the 2-minute warning to clinch it.
Kirk Cousins went 33 for 44 for 344 yards and touchdowns to Jordan Addison and Alexander Mattison, and Justin Jefferson had nine catches for 150 yards. But after going an NFL-record 11-0 in one-score games during the 2022 regular season, the Vikings ran out of that late-game mojo.
Rookie Jay Ward was penalized for lining up in the neutral zone on a field goal try by McLaughlin that gave the Buccaneers a fresh set of downs to finish a drive that took almost nine minutes out of the third quarter with a touchdown pass to rookie Trey Palmer that made it 17-10.
Winfield, whose father played nine seasons in Minnesota's secondary, recovered the fumble from his strip sack of Cousins at the Vikings 30 to set up an early field goal for the Buccaneers despite a drive that netted zero yards. Rookie Christian Izien intercepted Cousins near the goal line late in the first half.
Cousins was fuming on the sideline after he was picked off, a ball throw a bit behind K.J. Osborn that Izien ripped out of the receiver's hands. The first fumble in the first quarter at the Bucs' 25 was caused by right guard Ed Ingram, whose arm knocked the ball out as he blocked to his left.
