LANDOVER, Md. -- — Walking gingerly back to the huddle after an early run, it was clear Jalen Hurts was hampered by his injured left knee. He kept going anyway, leading the Philadelphia Eagles to another victory.
Hurts threw for 319 yards and four touchdowns, two of them to A.J. Brown, and the defending NFC champions beat the Washington Commanders 38-31 Sunday. Behind their banged-up franchise quarterback, the Eagles improved to 7-1 and showed more evidence they are a Super Bowl contender by rallying from a double-digit deficit.
Often reluctant to run, Hurts completed 29 of 38 passes, including TD throws to DeVonta Smith and Julio Jones. Before kneeling twice to end the game, his 7 yards rushing on two attempts were Hurts' fewest since Dec. 26, 2021.
One of those rushes was a  attempt when Hurts fumbled at the Washington 1-yard line, one of two Philadelphia turnovers inside the 5. Kenneth Gainwell lost a fumble at the 4 in the first half.
 Hurts said of his fumble. 
With not much going on the ground, Hurts had plenty of options passing, starting with Brown, who became the first player in NFL history with 125-plus yards receiving in six consecutive games. Brown made a terrific one-handed grab on his first touchdown and caught the ball through double coverage on his second.
After allowing Sam Howell to complete 24 passes in the first half, Philadelphia's defense responded down the stretch. Reed Blankenship intercepted Howell in the fourth quarter, and Haason Reddick sacked him with just over two minutes left — the Eagles' first of the game — to set the stage for D'Andre Swift's TD run.
Washington (3-5) lost for a fifth time in six games despite Howell throwing for a career-high 397 yards and four TDs behind a revamped offensive line. Coach Ron Rivera did not challenge a key fourth-down catch by Smith in the third quarter that replays showed should have been incomplete, and top receiver Terry McLaurin had consecutive drops that led to a turnover on downs late.
Joey Slye's 61-yard field goal for Washington late in the first half was the longest in franchise history and of his career. It came after a false start penalty on lineman Chris Paul pushed Washington back 5 yards.
