JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- — Andrew Beck craned his neck after crossing the goal line, checking for penalty flags before celebrating.
Beck, a 255-pound fullback from nearby Tampa, became the heaviest player in NFL history to return a kickoff for a touchdown in Houston's 37-17 drubbing of Jacksonville on Sunday.
He didn't exactly rumble, bumble or stumble, either. After initially fumbling the kick, Beck picked up the loose ball, broke five tackles and outran several defenders on his way to an 85-yard score, his first touchdown since his rookie year in 2019.
Coach DeMeco Ryans and rookie quarterback C.J. Stroud notched their first victories. Tank Dell set the franchise record for receiving yards by a rookie, finishing with five catches for 145 yards. And No. 3 overall pick Will Anderson became the first Houston rookie to block a field goal since JJ Watt did so in 2011.
Stroud threw for 280 yards and two touchdowns, including a 68-yarder to Dell that sealed the victory, and became the first player in NFL history with 906 yards passing, four TDs and no interceptions through his first three games.
The Jaguars (1-2) were flat from the start and struggled to get anything going. Their first five drives ended in a missed field goal, a punt, a blocked field goal, a punt and a fumble.
Beck eluded all 11 defenders on his way to one of the rarest touchdowns in NFL history. Caleb Johnson, Tre Herndon, Jacob Harris, Daniel Thomas, Brandon McManus and D’Ernest Johnson also had shots at tackling Beck. None of them got him to the ground.
Beck became the first fullback to return a kickoff for a touchdown since Jacksonville’s Derrick Wimbush accomplished the feat in 2005. Wimbush returned one 91 yards for a score in a 24-17 victory at Arizona in Week 12.
Trevor Lawrence threw for 279 yards, with a touchdown to Christian Kirk and an interception. Travis Etienne totaled 138 yards, including 88 rushing.
Calvin Ridley, though, dropped three passes — including two in the end zone — and was flagged twice for false starts. And Jacksonville's defense allowed Houston to go 9 of 15 on third-down conversations.
Jaguars rookie right tackle Anton Harrison injured his right ankle in the second half and was limping in the locker room.
Texans cornerback Shaquill Griffin, thrust into the starting lineup because of Derek Stingley’s hamstring injury, returned to Jacksonville for the first time since the Jaguars released him in March and played well. He could be seen jawing with several of his former teammates throughout the game.
The Jaguars travel to London for two games, the first a  against Atlanta at Wembley Stadium.
