Joe Flacco passed for 374 yards — 212 in the fourth quarter — and set up Dustin Hopkins' 34-yard field goal with 32 seconds left before the Browns withstood a Hail Mary on the final play to beat the Chicago Bears 20-17 on Sunday.
Making his third start since signing with Cleveland last month, the 38-year-old Flacco overcame three interceptions and made several brilliant throws in the closing minutes to rally the Browns (9-5) from a 10-point fourth-quarter deficit. Cleveland has won six games by four points or fewer.
Flacco, who went 11 of 13 in the final quarter, connected on a 51-yard touchdown pass — into tight coverage — to wide receiver Amari Cooper with 3:08 left that tied it at 17-all.
The Browns got the ball back with 1:50 remaining and Flacco, the fourth QB to start for Cleveland this season, completed two passes to tight end David Njoku for 65 yards to set up Hopkins' go-ahead kick.
With no time left, Chicago quarterback Justin Fields lofted a pass from the 45-yard line to the end zone into a pack of players. Two Browns defenders batted the ball down, but it went directly to Bears receiver Darnell Mooney, who was lying on his back.
The ball bounced in and out of Mooney's hands and he kicked it into the air, allowing Browns safety D'Anthony Bell to intercept it and avoid a catastrophic ending for Cleveland.
Flacco has quickly become a hero in Cleveland, his longtime rival when he played for Baltimore. The 15-year veteran has thrown for 939 yards in three games.
Flacco showed resilience after his picks, one of which was returned by Tremaine Edmunds for a 45-yard touchdown on Cleveland's first play of the second half to put the Bears ahead 14-7.
Garrett declined to say anything negative about the officiating, one day after being fined $25,000 by the NFL for remarks following last week's game.
Garrett feels he hasn't been getting enough calls. He went without a sack for the fourth game in a row.
Njoku had a career-high 10 catches for 104 yards, including a 2-yard touchdown in the second quarter. Cooper had four receptions for 109 yards.
Offensive tackles Jedrick Wills Jr. (knee) and Dawand Jones (knee), safety Grant Delpit (groin), defensive end Ogbo Okoronkwo (pectoral) and defensive tackle Maurice Hurst (pectoral) did not play for Cleveland.
