DENVER -- — Bailey Zappe had a feeling this would be the New England Patriots' night when he coughed up the football at his 5-yard line on his very first snap and his defense bailed him out by keeping the Denver Broncos out of the end zone.
 Zappe said after helping the Patriots deliver a near-fatal blow to the Broncos' playoff hopes with a 26-23 victory Sunday night.
Chad Ryand's career-long 56-yard field goal with two seconds left was the difference for the Patriots (4-11), who scored a pair of touchdowns in a six-second span of the third quarter, then fended off a furious fourth-quarter rally by the Broncos (7-8).
Ryland's kick capped a seven-play, 44-yard drive that began with 58 seconds left after the Broncos went three-and-out. Denver had tied it up with a pair of long TD drives and 2-point conversions on its previous two possessions.
Ryland came in as the worst full-time starting kicker in the league in field-goal percentage at 65% (13 of 20), and the rookie missed from 47 yards late in the first half on Sunday night. He also missed an extra point in the third quarter.
The Broncos were 7 1/2-point favorites, , making the Patriots the fourth underdog to win at Empower Field at Mile High in coach Sean Payton's first season. This latest upset left the Broncos with just a 6% chance of ending their eight-year playoff drought, according to the NFL's calculations.
Bill Belichick improved to 11-10 against the Broncos during his 24-year tenure in New England, denying Denver the status as the only opponent with a winning record against him during his time with the Patriots.
After falling behind 23-7, the Broncos tied it when Russell Wilson threw touchdown passes to rookie tight end Lucas Krull and wideout Brandon Johnson and converted 2-point passes to Johnson and Javonte Williams.
The Broncos had a shot at completing the comeback when they got the ball at their 39 with 1:42 remaining but they went three-and-out, giving the ball back to New England with just under a minute remaining.
Zappe gave New England its first lead with a 15-yard touchdown toss to Ezekiel Elliott, but Ryland's missed PAT left the Patriots up 9-7.
Zappe escaped pressure and found Mike Gesicki with an 11-yard touchdown throw to make it 16-7, and when Marvin Mims Jr. fumbled the ensuing kickoff at the 5-yard line. Cody Davis scooped it up at the 1 and rolled across the goal line.
The Broncos' already pedestrian offense suffered a big loss when wide receiver Courtland Sutton went out in the first half with a concussion, and all Denver managed through 3 1/2 quarters was Williams' 3-yard TD run to open the scoring. Denver gained just 15 yards and had one first down in the third quarter.
On the game's first snap, D.J. Jones strip-sacked Zappe and recovered the loose ball himself at the New England 5-yard line.
The Broncos came away from Jones' trifecta empty-handed, however, when Williams ran three times into the teeth of the league's best run defense, including on fourth-and-goal from the 2 when Christian Barmore stopped him a yard shy of the goal line.
The Broncos started their next drive at the Patriots 46 but went three-and-out before finally exploiting a short field when Mims' 52-yard punt return set them up on the New England 25-yard line for the drive in which Williams ran it in from the 3.
The Broncos sorely missed Sutton, who has 10 touchdown catches this season. He went out in the first quarter and was diagnosed with a concussion.
