MINNEAPOLIS -- Harrison Smith led Minnesota's defense in a thorough dismantling of Green Bay, as the Vikings knocked Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers out of the game on Sunday with a broken collarbone during a 23-10 victory that drastically altered the course of the NFC North.

Smith had 1 1/2 sacks on safety blitzes, a diving interception and two pass breakups, helping the Vikings (4-2) limit the injury-depleted Packers to a season-low 227 yards.
Anthony Barr, who later left with a concussion, delivered the game-changing hit on Green Bay's second drive when he took Rodgers hard to the turf as the two-time NFL MVP followed through on a pass.
Rodgers fell on his throwing shoulder, and the Packers (4-2) announced he could miss the remainder of the season.
Brett Hundley threw his first career touchdown pass in relief, connecting with Davante Adams in the second quarter after a 63-yard return by Clay Matthews of Jerick McKinnon's fumble gave the Packers the ball at the 18.
Damarious Randall's interception of Case Keenum later in the first half put the Packers at the Minnesota 38, but a juggling catch by Ty Montgomery at the goal line was ruled incomplete by replay review reversal that forced a short field goal instead and kept the Vikings in front 14-10 at the break.
Hundley was picked off three times and sacked four times. He finished 18 for 33 for 157 yards. The Packers had five first downs and 102 yards over the first three quarters.
Keenum, making his fourth start in place of the injured Sam Bradford, went 24 for 38 for 239 yards without top wide receiver Stefon Diggs. He threw 13 times to Adam Thielen, completing nine for 97 yards.
McKinnon made up for his turnover with 16 carries for 69 yards and a score and five catches for 30 yards and a touchdown for the Vikings, who have won three of their past four games against the Packers after a rough stretch against their biggest rival fueled mostly by the mastery of Rodgers.
QUARTERBACK DOMINANCE
Since Brett Favre took over for the injured Don Majkowski in the third game of the 1992 season, the Packers have had Favre or Rodgers for all but nine games.
Matt Flynn, Scott Tolzien and Seneca Wallace were forced to fill in while Rodgers missed seven games in 2013 because of a broken collarbone. Flynn started once in 2010 when Rodgers sat out with a concussion and again in 2011 when he rested during the regular-season finale with the Packers having clinched the top seed in the NFC playoffs.
INJURY REPORT
Packers: With three starting DBs already out with injuries (Morgan Burnett, Davon House and Kevin King), backup CB Quinten Rollins (ankle) was also lost during the game. For the first time this season, the starting offensive line was intact. That lasted about half of the game. RT Bryan Bulaga (concussion) was knocked out of action, and LT David Bakhtiari's hamstring injury flared up again after he missed the previous four games.
Vikings: WR Michael Floyd (calf) was hurt during the game, with LG Nick Easton (calf) already out. SS Andrew Sendejo (groin) didn't play, either.
UP NEXT
The Packers host New Orleans, before a well-timed bye week.
The Vikings play Baltimore at home, then travel to London to play Cleveland.
---
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL