LOS ANGELES -- Jimmy Garoppolo went out with a flourish, leading the suddenly exciting San Francisco 49ers to their fifth straight win to end the season.
Garoppolo threw for 292 yards and two touchdowns to lead the 49ers to a 34-13 victory Sunday against a Rams team that chose to rest its big stars for the playoffs, including Goff, Gurley and Aaron Donald.
First-year coach Sean McVay called the loss  but didn't second-guess the decision to rest the stars.
The 49ers (6-10) finished last in the division, but have hope with Garoppolo, who was Tom Brady's backup with New England before being acquired on Oct. 31. He threw touchdown passes of 8 yards to Marquise Goodwin -- who later left with a concussion after a brutal hit by Blake Countess -- and 12 yards to Aldrick Robinson. Both receivers were wide open.
Garoppolo completed 20 of 33 passes, looking confident and making some brilliant throws. He also was intercepted twice. Of course, it helped not having to face Donald and the Rams' four starting linebackers.
Carlos Hyde, who predicted last week that the Niners will win next season's Super Bowl, ran 15 times for 90 yards, scoring on runs of 8 and 5 yards.
The game was marred when Goodwin was laid out with a shot to the left side of the helmet by Countess after an incomplete pass late in the first half. Goodwin flailed on the field for a moment before going still. He was tended to for several minutes before being helped to his feet and gingerly placed on a seat in the back of a cart. He motioned to fans with both hands and took off his helmet as he was driven up the tunnel at the LA Coliseum. He was ruled out with a concussion and taken to a hospital for evaluation.
Coach Kyle Shanahan said tests were positive and that Goodwin would return to the Bay Area with the team.  Shanahan said. 
Hyde scored on an 8-yard run on the next play.
The catalyst for the 49ers' late-season run, Garoppolo showed a nice touch in finding open receivers. Working from the Rams 8 late in the first quarter, Garoppolo's primary receiver was covered, so the QB found Goodwin in the right flat for the easy score.
Early in the fourth, Robinson was wide open up the middle for his 12-yard scoring catch.
Robbie Gould capped the 49ers' first drive with a 33-yard field goal. The big play on that drive was Garoppolo's 44-yard pass to tight end George Kittle on third down. Kittle caught a short pass over the middle and broke it for a big gain.
The star running back was inactive, costing him the NFL rushing title. Gurley came into Sunday leading the NFL with 1,305 yards, followed by Kansas City's Kareem Hunt with 1,292 and Pittsburgh's Le'Veon Bell with 1,291. Bell also sat out Sunday. Hunt's first carry Sunday was for 35 yards and a touchdown, moving him past Gurley.
