The animated defensive tackle drew a costly penalty for taunting his former team, setting up a touchdown with nine minutes left that helped the Miami Dolphins rally past Buffalo 21-17 on Sunday.
Miami turned away two Bills drives down the stretch, and Charles Clay made a diving try but failed to catch Josh Allen's desperation fourth-down pass at the goal line in the final minute.
The rookie quarterback threw for 231 yards and ran for 135 to set a franchise record for rushing yards by a quarterback for the second week in a row. Miami won despite being outgained 415-175.
 said Miami's Ryan Tannehill, who threw three touchdown passes .
Phillips had said he was eager to settle old scores with the Dolphins after they released him in Week 5, and Miami was trying to rally from a three-point deficit when he tackled Kenyan Drake for a 4-yard loss deep in Bills territory.
Phillips rose, pushed Drake's leg away and drew a 15-yard penalty for taunting.
Bills coach Sean McDermott tempered his critique of Phillips' penalty.
On the play after the infraction, the Bills stopped Miami for another loss, and Phillips directed showy applause toward the Miami bench. Bills coaches then took him out of the game, and he watched from the sideline as Tannehill hit Kenny Stills with a 13-yard scoring pass for a 21-17 lead.
Allen then drove the Bills to the Miami 23 before he was sacked on consecutive plays, and Stephen Hauschka missed a 55-yard field goal attempt.
The Bills drove 65 yards in the final 2 1/2 minutes but again came up short -- literally. A completion to Zay Jones at the 6 was overturned by a replay review. Allen's final pass was off-balance, wobbly and underthrown, but Clay said he should have made the grab.
Allen threw touchdown passes of 15 and 25 yards to Jones, and the duo also connected on a 2-point conversion. But Allen was intercepted twice by Xavien Howard and twice missed open receivers for potential scores.
A muffed punt by the Bills' Isaiah McKenzie led to the Dolphins' second touchdown, which put them ahead 14-6.
The Bills play at home Sunday against the New York Jets, who lost an earlier meeting 41-10 in Week 10.
