The Browns won again.
Joseph's 37-yard field goal -- a knuckleball the rookie was certain had been blocked -- with 2 seconds left in overtime gave Cleveland a 12-9 win over the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday.
After Mayfield made a clutch third-down throw to help drive the Browns (2-2-1) into position, Joseph, who was cut by Miami this summer and signed after Week 2 following Zane Gonzalez's release, came through to give Cleveland its first AFC North win in 19 tries.
 said Mayfield, who passed for 342 yards and a touchdown in his second NFL start. 
When the final kick sailed through, Browns fans celebrated just the team's second win in two seasons and Joseph, who missed an extra point in the first half, was mobbed by his teammates.
It was vindication for Joseph, who also missed a 55-yarder at the end of regulation.
The Ravens (3-2) had plenty of chances, but Joe Flacco threw a costly interception in the first half and the Browns blocked one of Justin Tucker's field goal tries.
In his first start at home, Mayfield threw a 19-yard TD pass to Rashard Higgins, but his biggest play was a 39-yard completion to rookie Derrick Willies on Cleveland's winning drive.
The Ravens, who got another strong effort from their defense, also had a chance to win it in the final minute of regulation, but wide receiver Michael Crabtree couldn't hold onto Flacco's pass in the back of the end zone.
Tucker then tied it with a 32-yard field goal with 52 seconds left.
On their third possession of OT, the Browns started at their own 5-yard line and were at their 18 facing a third down when Mayfield zipped a pass over the middle to Willies, who didn't have any catches coming in and was playing after Higgins went out with a knee injury.
Duke Johnson ripped off a 15-yard run and had two more short carries before the Browns sent in Joseph, a college walk-on who was released by the Dolphins after training camp but got a another chance after Gonzalez missed four kicks in a Week 2 loss at New Orleans.
Cleveland's win was also the Browns' first in 37 tries on a Sunday, and it gave Jackson his first victory inside the division in three seasons.
Flacco finished 29 of 56 for 298 yards and one interception, but Baltimore's offense struggled to get into a rhythm all day.
The No. 4 overall draft pick intercepted Flacco i n the first half and then blocked Tucker's 48-yard attempt on the final play of the first half.
Ward has three interceptions this season, and he's impressed his teammates with his toughness.
Browns: Jackson said Higgins will undergo an MRI on Monday. He had three catches for 66 yards and the TD before going out.
