DENVER --  For the first time in his life, Demaryius Thomas celebrated Brandon McManus missing a field goal.
Thomas won his hasty homecoming Sunday when his ex-teammate's windless 51-yard attempt drifted wide right, allowing the Houston Texans to escape Denver with 19-17 win .
Only, Thomas lost the coin flip and didn't exactly walk off the field a winner -- he sprinted.
DeShaun Watson targeted Thomas three times and Thomas caught all three for 61 yards, including back-to-back grabs for 31 and 18 yards on Houston's opening touchdown drive.
The Texans joined the 1970 New York Giants as the only teams since the merger to win six straight following an 0-3 start.
McManus' second miss of the game came after Case Keenum completed an 18-yard pass between two defenders to Emmanuel Sanders on fourth-and-8 from the Denver 45-yard line with under a minute left.
Broncos coach Vance Joseph blamed himself for the first miss, saying he got greedy. It backfired when the Texans got the ball in Broncos territory and 18 seconds left in the first half and Ka'imi Fairbairn nailed a 46-yard do-over for a 16-10 Houston halftime lead after his errant attempt was wiped away because Joseph had called timeout to ice him.
Joseph said he didn't try to get closer for McManus' game-winning attempt because the Broncos had already reached their  inside the 35.
Keenum threw a 5-yard pass to tight end Jeff Heuerman, who had a career-best 10 catches for 83 yards and then running back Phillip Lindsay lost a yard, leaving McManus with a 51-yard attempt.
After the Broncos took a 17-16 lead on Keenum's 12-yard dart to Heuerman between two defenders, Fairbairn put the Texans back ahead with a 37-yard field goal with 14:06 remaining.
It turned out to be the game-winner when McManus missed again.
Thomas had started all 114 games for the Broncos since Jan. 8, 2012, when he caught an 80-yard touchdown pass from Tim Tebow on the first snap of overtime to beat the Pittsburgh Steelers 29-23.
This time, he drew loud ovations when he emerged from the tunnel for pregame stretch and again during a video tribute after 
After Thomas lost the coin toss, Denver deferred and Thomas went right to work , catching consecutive passes covering 31 and 18 yards as the Texans took a quick 7-0 lead on Watson's 7-yard TD pass to tight end Jordan Thomas .
Watson's 36th career TD throw was a 16-yarder to DeAndre Hopkins that put Houston ahead 13-3. The only other quarterbacks in NFL history to have 35 or more TD passes in their first 16 NFL games were Hall of Famers Kurt Warner and Dan Marino.
