Bortles came off the bench late in the third quarter and provided a spark Sunday, helping Jacksonville eliminate the Miami Dolphins from the AFC playoff race by winning 17-7 .
Bortles took the Jaguars 51 yards for a short field goal and 10-7 lead early in the fourth quarter. On the next series, Telvin Smith Sr. intercepted Ryan Tannehill and scored on a 33-yard return to seal the Jaguars' victory.
 defensive tackle Akeem Spence said, 
Jaguars starter Cody Kessler bruised his throwing shoulder when hit as he threw a pass and left the game late in the first half. He returned to begin the third quarter, but after being sacked for a fifth time was replaced again by Bortles.
Coach Doug Marrone said he made the change because he thought Bortles' superior mobility would help against Miami's stout pass rush. Marrone declined to say which quarterback will start the season finale next Sunday, and Bortles declined to lobby for the assignment.
Bortles finished 5 of 6 for 39 yards, and ran four times for 25 yards . The third overall pick in the 2014 draft, he lost the starting job to Kessler in Week 13.
After Bortles helped the Jags take the lead, their defense provided the exclamation point. Tannehill had a first down at his 32 when he pumped and threw off his back foot. Smith stepped in front of the intended receiver and scored untouched.
Tannehill said the primary receiver was covered and he forced a pass elsewhere.
Tannehill went 15 of 22 for 146 yards with one touchdown.
There was no miracle reminiscent of the Dolphins' previous home game, when they beat New England with a double lateral on the final play. An attempted double pass in the closing minutes went haywire and resulted in a holding penalty.
The two offenses surprisingly traded touchdowns on their opening drives, which covered 78 and 75 yards, but then resumed their season-long sputtering ways. Each team committed 10 penalties.
Calais Campbell led the Jaguars' defensive charge with a forced and recovered fumble, a sack, two tackles for a loss and three quarterback hurries.
Miami and Jacksonville took turns showing why their records aren't better. Kessler lost a fumble cocking his arm to throw, but the Dolphins failed to capitalize on the gift, missing a field goal.
The Dolphins allowed a long punt return to give the Jaguars a chance at a 56-yard field goal on the final play of the first half, but Kai Forbath's kick fell short of the 20-yard line.
