 the Tampa Bay kicker said Sunday after his 59-yard field goal -- the longest ever in overtime -- gave the Buccaneers a 26-23 victory over the Cleveland Browns. 
Catanzaro missed an extra point in the first half, as well as a 40-yard field goal on the final play of regulation. Concerned the Bucs (3-3) might not get the ball back if they punted, coach Dirk Koetter didn't hesitate to give his kicker a chance to end it with 1:50 remaining in the extra period.
Tampa Bay, which recovered Jabrill Peppers' fumble near midfield on a punt return to give itself a chance, ended a three-game skid and handed the Browns (2-4-1) their 24th consecutive road loss -- two shy of tying the NFL record.
Cleveland, which has played four overtime games this season -- most for a team since Arizona won all four it played in 2011, and tied for second most in NFL history -- hasn't won on the road since winning in overtime at Baltimore on Oct. 11, 2015.
The Detroit Lions set the road futility mark with 26 straight losses from 2007-10.
Jameis Winston and DeSean Jackson scored on 14-yard runs for Tampa Bay (3-3).  Rookie Ronald Jones II added his first pro TD on a 2-yard run that put Tampa Bay up 23-9 heading into the fourth quarter.
The Browns, who had 126 yards of offense through three quarters, used Nick Chubb's 1-yard TD run to cut into their deficit and pulled even on Baker Mayfield's 16-yard pass to Jarvis Landry with 2:28 remaining in regulation.
A week after completing just 48 percent of his passes and being sacked five times during a 24-point loss to the Chargers that Mayfield called the worst of his career, the No. 1 overall draft pick was 23 of 34 for 215 yards, two TDs and zero interceptions.
The Browns' defense forced four turnovers, including an interception in overtime, but Mayfield struggled to move the ball with consistency until the fourth quarter. But with Chubb playing a bigger role after Cleveland traded leading rusher Carlos Hyde to Jacksonville on Friday, Cleveland rallied.
Winston completed 32 of 52 passes for 365 yards and no touchdowns. He was sacked four times, threw two interceptions and lost a fumble. The 2013 Heisman Trophy winner also led the Bucs in rushing with 55 yards on 10 attempts.
The Browns forced four turnovers, two interceptions and two fumbles, but only one of them led to points.
They wasted one scoring opportunity when Mayfield, scrambling on fourth-and-2 from the Tampa Bay 11, fumbled backward on his way to picking up the first down in the final minute of the second quarter.
The Browns came away with no points again when, trailing 23-16, Mayfield was stopped for no gain on fourth-and-goal from the Bucs 1.
The defense stepped up, forcing a punt that Peppers returned 32 yards to the Bucs 16. Mayfield threw his TD pass to Landry on the next play.
Cleveland's decision to trade Hyde for a fifth-round draft choice was driven by a desire to give Chubb more touches and also get Duke Johnson, the team's best offensive playmaker, more involved. Chubb, who came in averaging 10.8 yards per carry, finished with 80 yards rushing on 18 attempts. He was targeted twice on passes, but did not have a catch.
Tampa Bay stopped a three-game losing streak that cost former defensive coordinator Mike Smith his job last week. The Bucs entered Sunday allowing a league-worst 34.6 points per game, ranked 31st in total defense, and dead last against the pass. They sacked Mayfield five times and allowed a season-low 305 yards in their debut under Smith's replacement, former linebackers coach Mark Duffner.
