Wilson did just that, sidestepping a few pass rushers in the pocket and enabling Lockett to slip behind cornerback Captain Munnerlyn and haul in a 43-yard completion at the Carolina 10. Wilson then took a knee twice and spiked the ball once to set up Sebastian Janikowski's 31-yard field goal as time expired, allowing the Seattle Seahawks to complete a 30-27 come-from-behind win over the Panthers on Sunday.
Wilson threw for 339 yards and two touchdowns, putting the Seahawks (6-5) firmly in contention for an NFC wild card spot. Lockett finished with five catches for 107 yards and a touchdown, while David Moore had four receptions for 103 yards and a score.
The Panthers, also 6-5, suddenly find themselves on the outside looking in at the NFC playoff picture after losing three straight and having their 10-game home winning streak snapped. The prospect of Carolina missing the playoffs would have been unimaginable at the beginning of the month.
 said quarterback Cam Newton, who completed 25 of 30 passes for 256 yards and two touchdowns.
Wilson tied the game with 3:26 remaining when he gambled on a fourth-and-3, lofting a 35-yard touchdown pass to Moore, who beat Corn Elder in the corner of the end zone. Panthers starting cornerback Donte Jackson injured his quad on the first play from scrimmage, which proved to be an issue for Carolina.
Newton completed all 14 pass attempts in the first half for 159 yards, including a 7-yard touchdown pass to Curtis Samuel to give the Panthers a 13-10 lead at halftime. Eight of those passes went to Christian McCaffrey, mostly on check-downs.
Wilson's big completion to Lockett came after Graham Gano missed a 52-yard field goal with 1:40 left in the game that would have given the Panthers the lead.
It snapped a remarkable string of 41 straight made field goals at home for Gano, including a 63-yarder earlier this year to beat the New York Giants.
It's the second straight week Gano has let the Panthers down. Last week against Detroit, he missed a field goal and an extra point in a 20-19 loss.
The Panthers spoiled a record-setting performance from McCaffrey, who had a franchise-record 237 yards from scrimmage and two more touchdowns. He had 17 carries for 125 yards and 11 catches for 112 yards, becoming the first Carolina player to surpass 100 yards in both receiving and rushing in the same game.
Chris Carson got the bulk of the carries for the Seahawks' No. 1-ranked rushing attack, carrying 16 times for 55 yards and a 1-yard touchdown . He had a remarkable 15-yard run on which he nailed the landing -- and kept running -- after getting flipped on a low tackle by Panthers safety Eric Reid.
Overall, Seattle gained just 75 yards on the ground -- about half of what they normally average.
Reid continued his protest of racial and social injustice by kneeling during the national anthem. Seattle defensive tackle Quinton Jefferson and offensive tackle Duane Brown remained in the tunnel for the anthem as they have in previous weeks.
Seahawks: Doug Baldwin (groin) was a game-time decision, but played for Seattle and had five catches for 39 yards. ... Fullback Tre Madden left in the second half with a shoulder injury.
