Reid's 101-yard interception return touchdown was the big play Houston needed to overcome a mistake-prone Deshaun Watson and beat the Washington Redskins 23-21 on Sunday, tying the franchise record with their seventh consecutive victory.
From a gruesome , season-ending injury to Redskins quarterback Alex Smith to three turnovers, it wasn't pretty, but the Texans (7-3) became the first team since the 1925 New York Giants to win seven in a row after starting 0-3.
While Watson was 16 of 24 for 208 yards, a touchdown and two interceptions, Smith broke his right tibia and fibula on a sack by Kareem Jackson midway through the third quarter and will require surgery. Smith's right leg turned the wrong way in eerily similar fashion to Joe Theismann's broken leg on a Lawrence Taylor sack exactly 33 years ago to the day.
Colt McCoy replaced Smith and threw for a touchdown pass and led a long scoring drive for Washington (6-4), which likely will have to rely on the journeyman quarterback the rest of the way. When a McCoy-led drive finished with an Adrian Peterson touchdown to put the Redskins up 21-20 early in the fourth quarter, it was the first lead change in a game involving the Redskins all season.
 said McCoy, who was 6 of 12 for 54 yards. 
Houston went ahead for good on a 54-yard field goal by Ka'imi Fairbairn, who missed a 44-yarder earlier. The winning streak stayed alive when Redskins kicker Dustin Hopkins missed a 63-yard field-goal attempt with 3 seconds left.
Peterson ran for two touchdowns to continue climbing the NFL rushing chart, but was bottled up on a lot of his other carries. Peterson's 3- and 7-yard TD runs gave him 105 in his career and moved him past former Redskins star John Riggins into sole possession of sixth all time, one behind Jim Brown for fifth.
Peterson finished with 51 yards on 16 carries.
In his second game with the Texans, Demaryius Thomas was a non-factor. Watson only threw his way twice -- once on a play wiped out by a penalty -- and the former Broncos receiver did not have a catch.
Thomas stayed in Houston during the bye week in Houston to study the playbook and watch film after making a handful of newcomer mistakes in his debut. Thomas had three catches for 61 yards in that game, but disappeared from the offense Sunday.
Washington receiver Trey Quinn made a major impact in his return after missing more than two months with a high-ankle sprain. Quinn, who was  caught four passes for 49 yards starting in place of injured wideout Jamison Crowder and would have been the emergency QB had McCoy gone down.
