DENVER --  Philip Rivers doesn't care that the Chargers must hit the road on wild-card weekend despite winning a dozen games, including a 23-9 nail-biter in Denver on Sunday in which he completed just 14 passes.
The Chargers have won six straight on the road and went 7-1 away from home with their only road loss coming literally up the road to the Rams back in September.
Were it not for a last-second loss to the Broncos at home in November, the Chargers would have supplanted the Chiefs as the No. 1 seed in the AFC playoffs and earned a first-round bye.
So, it turns out the Broncos (6-10) were the spoilers even though they lost again Sunday. That's of no consolation to a franchise careening into another offseason of uncertainty after posting double-digit losses in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1966-67, an ignominy that could cost second-year coach Vance Joseph his job .
That bedrock, said defensive end Derek Wolfe, is a never-quit attitude that was on display again Sunday.
Rivers was just 14 of 24 for 176 yards and a touchdown and he threw two interceptions in the first quarter, something that's happened just twice before in Rivers' 15-year NFL career.
They were done in mostly by their feeble offense that punted on its first drive for the ninth straight game and which managed a mere two touchdowns in its last 34 first-half drives, endangering offensive coordinator Bill Musgrave no matter who's coaching the team in 2019.
Denver's offense accounted for just nine points -- six on fullback Andy Janovich's first career touchdown and a chip-shot field goal by Brandon McManus.
After Janovich's first career TD pulled Denver to 14-9 with 10 minutes remaining, cornerback Casey Hayward Jr. stepped in front of rookie receiver Courtland Sutton and picked off the 2-point conversion attempt. He slipped Suttons' tackle at the goal line and raced 102 yards to give the Chargers a 16-9 lead.
Then, Rivers had his only sustained drive, capped by Austin Ekeler's 1-yard TD run .
Rivers' only TD throw was a 3-yard toss to Mike Williams that made it 14-3 came after Joey Bosa's fumble recovery at the Denver 16.
The Chargers took a 7-3 halftime lead thanks to a defensive touchdown .
Keenum hit Royce Freeman with a low screen that he didn't secure. A hard hit by cornerback Desmond King II to a prone Freeman popped the ball loose, and linebacker Kyle Emmanuel scooped it up and ran 11 yards for a 7-0 lead the Chargers would never relinquish.
Rivers was intercepted twice in the first quarter for just the third time in his 15-year career. However, the Broncos failed to convert interceptions by rookie Isaac Yiadom and Will Parks into points.
Broncos: Embark on another offseason of change with big questions yet again at coach and QB.
