The fourth-year pro sparkled in his first start in a month, throwing for 312 yards and two touchdowns in the Buccaneers' 27-9 victory over the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday.
Winston, benched last month after turning the ball over 11 times in 14 quarters, completed 29 of 38 passes without an interception.
The No. 1 overall pick from the 2015 draft has shared the starting job with Ryan Fitzpatrick this season. Each has played well enough at times that Tampa Bay leads the NFL in passing yards and total offense,, however a porous defense and the league's worst giveaway/takeaway ratio has undermined the team's chances for success.
Winston led TD drives of 73, 75 and 85 yards. His 6-yard scoring pass to Cameron Brate put the Bucs up early, and later teamed with Adam Humphries on a 28-yard TD on a play the quarterback extended by scrambling to his right before throwing back toward the center of the field.
Tampa Bay (4-7), meanwhile, had four sacks and forced turnovers on defense for the first time in eight games, with Ryan Smith and Isaiah Johnson coming up with the team's first interceptions since a loss to Pittsburgh on Sept. 24. Midseason acquisition Cairo Santos also made two field goals and three extra points.
Matt Breida rushed for 106 yards for the 49ers (2-9). Nick Mullens threw a 13-yard TD pass to Dante Pettis in the second quarter, but couldn't get the ball in the end zone after halftime and finished 18 of 32 for 221 yards and two interceptions.
Looking to cut into a 13-6 deficit, the 49ers settled for a field goal after driving inside the Bucs 1 early in the third quarter.
Winston, who sat out the first three games of the season while serving a suspension for violating the NFL's personal conduct policy, made his first start in a month. He was benched after throwing four interceptions in a loss at Cincinnati on Oct. 28, however Fitzpatrick was not much better protecting the ball in subsequent losses to Carolina, Washington and the New York Giants.
Mullens has not played well since his dazzling debut -- 16 of 22 passing, 262 yards, three TDs, no interceptions -- in a 34-3 victory over the Raiders. He threw two picks in a 27-23 loss to the Giants the following week. Sunday was his first road start.
 Shanahan said, adding he wasn't sure if Mullens or C.J. Beathard will start next week against Seattle.
49ers: Played without injured WRs Pierre Garcon and Marquise Goodwin and RB Alfred Morris. ... S Jimmie Ward left the game in the first quarter with a broken forearm. ... S D.J. Reed (heel) left the game in the second half.
