Mariota directed three scoring drives in relief of Blaine Gabbert, including one in the fourth quarter, and Tennessee knocked off the Jaguars 9-6 Sunday for their third straight victory in the series. Mariota improved to 5-2 against Jacksonville, his most wins against any opponent.
Mariota sat out last week's victory against Houston because of an elbow injury sustained in the season opener. He was still experiencing arm weakness along with numbness and tingling in two fingers this week, saying the injury affects the velocity and spin he gets on the football.
Mariota completed 12 of 18 passes for 100 yards and ran for 51 more, including a 15-yard gain on a third-and-1 play late. The Titans (2-1) milked the clock from there and ended up celebrating an early lead in the AFC South.
 Titans defensive tackle Jurrell Casey said.
Tennessee finished with 233 yards, but grinded out 150 on the ground, played mistake-free football and let the defense do most of the heavy lifting.
 Titans left tackle Taylor Lewan said. 
Jacksonville looked lost most of the afternoon on one side of the ball, failing to score an offensive touchdown against Tennessee for the second time in as many games.
Tennessee took away big passing plays, kept a spy on Bortles and dared Jacksonville to win with two backup offensive linemen and a backup running back.
Playing without running back Leonard Fournette, left tackle Cam Robinson and right guard A.J. Cann, the Jags managed 232 yards and a measly 12 first downs. Poor throws, dropped passes and eight penalties hurt. So did coach Doug Marrone's decision to try a fake punt early in the game.
Corey Grant was stopped on the fourth-and-4 play, giving Tennessee the ball near midfield and leading to Ryan Succop's first field goal.
Jacksonville never found an offensive rhythm, looking much more like the team that struggled in the opener at the New York Giants than the one that shined last week against New England.
 Bortles said. "We've got to score one touchdown to win the game. To go out there and score six points in four quarters, that's bad as an offense.
The Jaguars insist there was no finger-pointing after the game, even though it was clear the loss was on the offense.
Fournette missed his second straight game because of a strained right hamstring. Jacksonville ran for 87 yards and lost for the first time in five games without him.
Jaguars defensive end Calais Campbell left the game in the fourth quarter with a right ankle injury. He had his ankle and his right knee wrapped in ice after the game. Defensive tackle Marcell Dareus left briefly in the second half with a shoulder injury.
Jaguars complete a three-game homestand against the New York Jets next Sunday.
