Daniel threw a career-high two touchdowns to keep the Chicago Bears rolling with a 23-16 win over the Detroit Lions on Thursday, filling in very well for injured quarterback Mitchell Trubisky.
Daniel finished 27 of 37 for 230 yards, setting career highs in each category. He threw a go-ahead, 10-yard touchdown pass to Taquan Mizzell in the second quarter and a 14-yard pass to Tarik Cohen in the fourth to give Chicago the lead again at 16-13.
It was quite a performance for Daniel, a player who has been used sparingly since the former Missouri star entered the league in 2010. He barely played for New Orleans, Kansas City, Philadelphia and Chicago, but gained respect from coaches and players for his preparation.
Stafford was 28 of 38 for 236 yards with two interceptions late in the fourth, dooming Detroit's chances to win. The Lions drafted Stafford No. 1 overall in 2009 and gave him a $135 million, five-year extension last year.
The NFC North-leading Bears (8-3) sealed their fifth straight victory with Kyle Fuller's interception in the end zone with 1:07 left.
Chicago broke a 16-16 tie on Eddie Jackson's 41-yard pick-6 with six minutes remaining. The safety stepped in front of a pass in the flat intended for tight end Michael Roberts, taking advantage of the fact that Stafford didn't look at another target as he dropped back.
Jackson, a 2017 fourth-round pick, has turned two of his four interceptions into scores this season and has five total touchdowns in his career.
Jackson said simply picking off passes is not enough for his team, which has scored five times off interceptions this season.
The Lions drove to the Bears 11 on their last possession, but couldn't score because Stafford's pass to Roberts was picked off by Fuller.
The Lions did start relatively well, becoming the first team to lead Chicago in a month when Blount ran for his first of two touchdowns early in the second quarter. Blount had a season-high 88 yards rushing.
The Bears, though, were able to come back and go ahead thanks to a mistake-free quarterback and their defense that leads the NFL with 29 takeaways, including 20 interceptions.
The Bears came up with some creative ways to celebrate two touchdowns.
Cohen went down to his side just beyond the end zone, putting his hands under his head as if he was taking a nap like many Americans do on Thanksgiving. After Fuller's interception, Prince Amukamara held the football as if it was a microphone and his teammates played the role of backup dancers and fans in a nod to Motown .
