The Panthers proved that again Sunday.
Newton completed 19 of 25 passes for 247 yards and two touchdowns, running back Christian McCaffrey racked up 157 total yards and scored twice and second-year wide receiver Curtis Samuel scored on a 33-yard double reverse and hauled in a 19-yard TD catch midway through the fourth quarter to seal Carolina's 42-28 win over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Sunday.
They have wide receivers that can run the ball, running backs that can catch, a big body receiver, a third-down receiving specialist, one of the best pass-catching tight ends in the league and, of course, a one-time league MVP at quarterback who can do it all.
Those weapons were all on display in the first half as the Panthers scored touchdowns on five straight possessions to build a 35-7 lead en route to their 10th straight win at home.
Ryan Fitzpatrick, who started in place of the turnover-prone Jameis Winston, finished with 243 yards passing and four touchdowns -- two each to Adam Humphries and O.J. Howard -- and led the Bucs back to within 35-28 in the fourth quarter before running out of steam.
Fitzpatrick threw two costly interceptions -- one on the game's second possession which led to Carolina's first touchdown, and other late in the fourth quarter that sealed the Bucs' fate.
McCaffrey leaped a defender on a reception in the flat and kept going, racing 32 yards for a first down. Samuel's 33-yard TD on the reverse included the speedster reversing field and running a combined 103 yards , according to NFL's Next Gen Stats. And Olsen, the cagey veteran, hauled in a one-handed catch in the end zone -- his third TD in three weeks.
Panthers defensive end Mario Addison had a big game with three sacks to raise his team-leading total to 7 1/2.
The Panthers have been touting James Bradberry as their shutdown cornerback and he did quite a number on Tampa Bay's Mike Evans, who finished with one catch for 16 yards despite being targeted 10 times.
The Panthers secondary is coming up with big turnovers this season. Carolina has 11 interceptions at the midway point of the season after just 10 picks last season. Jackson, a rookie, has four of them.
