He slept, studied film, played games and watched television -- all because the Houston Texans were concerned about how air pressure from flying would affect his bruised lung and injured ribs.
Watson threw a touchdown pass, Lamar Miller ran for 100 yards and a score and the Texans beat the reeling Jaguars 20-7 on Sunday for their fourth consecutive victory.
The Texans (4-3) didn't need him to do much against the mistake-prone Jaguars (3-4), who turned the ball over three times, benched quarterback Blake Bortles, lost their third straight game and imploded in the locker room afterward.
Watson completed 12 of 24 passes for 139 yards, including a 10-yard TD pass to DeAndre Hopkins in the third quarter that put Houston up 20-0. He was sacked once -- an improvement for one of the NFL's worst offensive lines -- and knocked down just a few more times.
It was just what he needed before a short turnaround that includes a home game against Miami on Thursday night
The Jaguars couldn't be as complimentary of Bortles, who was benched in the third quarter after his second fumble. Bortles coughed up the ball on Jacksonville's third play of each half, leading to 10 points for the Texans.
Cody Kessler replaced Bortles and threw a touchdown pass, but he also fumbled and threw an interception off T.J. Yeldon's hands.
The Jaguars signed Bortles to a three-year, $54 million contract in February with the belief he was good enough to lead the defensive-minded team back to the playoffs. Bortles has been downright awful in three straight losses, with two touchdown passes and eight turnovers.
Bortles lost the ball both times trying to scramble. The first one led to a field goal, and Watson connected with Hopkins following the second one . That was one of several one-on-one matchups Hopkins won against talkative cornerback Jalen Ramsey.
Hopkins' best was a one-handed catch for 31 yards along the sideline in the first quarter.
The Jaguars failed to score in the first half for the third straight week, the first time they've done that in franchise history. They have been outscored 57-0 in the opening two quarters in losses to Kansas City, Dallas and Houston.
Texans safety Andre Hal, who returned to practice this week following treatment for Hodgkin's lymphoma, was in the starting lineup. Hal was diagnosed with the disease in May and immediately began treatment. He received the news of his remission last month. The game was emotional because his father, Andre Hal Sr., died Tuesday, a few days suffering a heart attack.
