LONDON --  After watching a fourth-quarter lead slip away twice this season, Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz didn't want to see it happen again.
The Eagles held onto a 24-18 victory at Wembley Stadium on Sunday after the Jacksonville Jaguars were twice held to a field goal in the fourth quarter, and failed to convert on fourth down with 3:41 remaining.
 said Wentz, who threw for 286 yards and three touchdowns, all to different players. 
Philadelphia (4-4) surrendered a 17-point lead in the final quarter of a loss to the Carolina Panthers a week earlier, and lost in overtime to the Tennessee Titans on Sept. 30 despite holding a seven-point advantage.
Although the Eagles failed to pick up a first down when they got the ball back with 6:52 remaining -- and rookie running back Josh Adams nearly fumbled on the first play, if not for the call being overturned on replay review -- they otherwise converted 7 of 12 third-down opportunities.
Jacksonville entered the fourth quarter down 17-12 after a failed 2-point conversion, and a pair of field goals by Josh Lambo kept them within six points even after the Eagles extended the lead on a 5-yard touchdown reception by tight end Zach Ertz.
Blake Bortles, restored as the starter despite being pulled in a loss to the Houston Texans a week earlier, ran for 4 yards on fourth down with 4:26 left to prolong what would be the Jaguars' final drive. But he could not connect with Donte Moncrief on fourth-and-2 four plays later to seal the fate for Jacksonville (3-5).
The Eagles finished with 395 total yards, their third-highest total this season, against the Jaguars, who entered the game with the league's second-ranked defense. Philly gained 133 rushing.
Jacksonville claimed a 6-3 lead on two field goals by Lambo, including a career-long 57-yard attempt, but saw that disappear by halftime when rookie tight end Dallas Goedert had a 32-yard touchdown reception at the end of the second quarter.
A 95-yard drive at the start of the third quarter ended with the Eagles taking a 17-6 lead after running back Wendell Smallwood took a screen pass 32 yards into the end zone, but the Jaguars marched 75 yards over nine plays and found the end zone when Bortles connected with Dede Westbrook under the uprights to trim their deficit to 17-12.
That set the stage for the comeback, but the Jaguars' inability to get past the goal line despite two trips into the red zone ended their hopes of a fourth consecutive win at Wembley.
Marrone said that Bortles was not the reason for the Jaguars' inability to win. Bortles, who went 24 for 41 with 286 yards and a touchdown, led the team in rushing with 43 yards on eight attempts.
