Marcus Mariota threw three touchdown passes -- one a backbreaking, 75-yarder on a screen to big back Derrick Henry -- and Tennessee rolled to a 43-13 rout Sunday over Cleveland, which fizzled in its highly anticipated opener.
Cameron Wake sacked Mayfield in the end zone for a safety in the first half, and the Titans dominated the undisciplined and perhaps overblown Browns, picked by some to contend for a Super Bowl title after adding Odell Beckham Jr.
The Browns committed 18 penalties for 182 yards, a poor reflection on first-year coach Freddie Kitchens. Cleveland also had starting left tackle Greg Robinson ejected for kicking Titans safety Kenny Vaccaro.
Following the game, Mayfield had X-rays taken and he left FirstEnergy Stadium with his right wrist wrapped. X-rays were negative.
Mariota finished 14 of 24 for 248 yards, completing his two scoring passes to Walker in a span of 3:29 of the final quarter when the Titans opened a 23-point lead.
Mayfield, who took several big hits while playing behind a patchwork line, brought Cleveland within 15-13 with a 3-yard TD pass to David Njoku. But the Titans countered immediately as Henry, who sat out the preseason with a calf injury, took a short pass, picked up a few blocks and rumbled down the sideline for the long score.
Kevin Byard picked off Mayfield moments later, and Mariota connected with Walker for an 11-yard score. The three-time Pro Bowler was making his return after suffering a season-ending broken leg in last year's opener.
Mayfield went 25 of 38 for 285 yards, with his last throw returned 38 yards for a TD by Malcolm Butler. Beckham finished with seven catches for 71 yards in his Cleveland debut.
The Titans were down two starting offensive linemen as Pro Bowl left tackle Taylor Lewan served the first game of his four-game suspension for violating the league's policy on performance-enhancing drugs and right guard Kevin Pamphile was inactive.
Tennessee's Cairo Santos, signed earlier this week, made two field goals, from 53 and 37 yards. Santos was brought in after Ryan Succop was placed on injured reserve.
Browns: RB Dontrell Hilliard left with a concussion in the first half. ... Lamm never returned after going down. ... TE Demetrius Harris left briefly with a right shoulder injury.
