Baker Mayfield threw a 7-yard touchdown pass to Rashard Higgins with 1:44 left as Cleveland snapped a four-game losing streak -- and took some pressure off first-year coach Freddie Kitchens -- with a 19-16 win on Sunday over the Bills, who couldn't come up with one last goal-line stand.
With Kitchens under fire and their playoff hopes fading fast, the Browns (3-6) rallied for their first win at home and kept their season from completely collapsing.
 said star receiver Odell Beckham Jr., who had five catches for 57 yards. 
Cleveland survived more problems in the red zone -- the Browns scored just three points despite 12 plays inside Buffalo's 3-yard line --  but sealed the much-needed victory when Buffalo's Stephen Hauschka's was off the mark on a 53-yard field goal. Earlier, Hauschka missed a 34-yarder.
Quarterback Josh Allen had two touchdown runs for the Bills (6-3), who were off to their best start since 1993.
For most of the game Allen outplayed Mayfield, who finally delivered a clutch drive after the Bills QB put his team ahead 16-12 with a 1-yard sneak.
On second-and-goal, Mayfield threaded his TD pass to an open Higgins, who had been suspiciously missing from Cleveland's game plan this season after being one of Mayfield's favorite targets last season. It was Higgins' only catch.
Mayfield had his second straight solid game, completing 26 of 38 passes for 238 yards and two TDs. He didn't throw an interception for the second week in a row.
However, Cleveland struggled again to complete drives as the Bills stopped them on 12 plays inside the 3-yard line, holding Cleveland to three points.
Browns running back Kareem Hunt made his debut for Cleveland and picked up 74 combined yards. The 24-year-old was eligible after completing an eight-game NFL suspension for two violent acts, including shoving and kicking a woman while he played for Kansas City.
Nick Chubb rushed for 116 yards on 20 carries for the Browns, and Jarvis Landry had nine catches for 97 yards and made a crucial, over-the-shoulder catch on Cleveland's game-winning drive.
The Bills stopped the Browns on eight straight plays at the 1 -- the equivalent of two goal-line stands -- in the first quarter. They stuffed Chubb on five carries, and Buffalo overcame a pair of pass interference calls in the end zone while keeping the Browns off the scoreboard.
The Bills' defense tied it 9-9 early in the third as linebacker Tremaine Edmunds sacked Mayfield in the end zone. The Browns were in an empty backfield and didn't account for blocking Edmunds, who came in untouched off the left side and quickly wrapped up Mayfield.
Chubb's 919 yards rushing through nine games are the most by a Cleveland player not named Jim Brown. The Hall of Famer and NFL legend owns the top five spots on the list, including a franchise-record 1,293 yards in 1963.
Chubb has four 100-yard rushing games this season, giving him nine in two years.
