MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. --  DeVante Parker made two acrobatic touchdown receptions, and kicker Jason Sanders’ scoring catch was circus-like, too.
Miami (3-9) rallied with three touchdowns in less than 13 minutes, a remarkable achievement for one of the NFL’s least formidable offenses.
Miami won for the third time in their past five games, a surprising and perhaps costly turnaround for a team that will be shopping for a franchise quarterback in the 2020 draft. The win likely took the Dolphins out of the running for the No. 1 pick.
Trickery helped the Dolphins, who twice opted not to kick on fourth down and instead threw for a touchdown. The second such gamble by Flores paid off when Miami shifted out of field goal formation before holder Matt Haack threw an underhand 1-yard pass to Sanders.
The 6-foot-3 Parker did much of the rest. He finished with seven receptions for a career-high 159 yards and two scores, both on leaping grabs.
Parker’s final leaping grab was a 34-yard catch to set up the score that put the Dolphins ahead to stay with 11 minutes left.
Tight end Mike Gesicki also got into the act, soaring for a 14-yard touchdown catch.
Fitzpatrick’s surehanded targets helped him finish 27 for 39 for 365 yards and three touchdowns as Miami achieved season highs in points and yards (408).
Sanders returned to his usual role to kick a 51-yard field goal with 3:37 left that made the score 37-28. The Eagles kicked a field goal with 1:51 left and got the ball back, but Carson Wentz’s desperation pass from midfield on the final play was intercepted in the end zone.
Wentz threw for three touchdowns to help build a 28-14 lead, but the Eagles were kept out of the end zone over the final 26 minutes.
Philadelphia was expecting a field goal try when Haack stood and instead took a shotgun snap, with five teammates flanked far to the left and four far to the right.
Haack rolled left before flipping a pass to Sanders, who was part of the group on the left before slipping into the end zone uncovered.
Flores opted not to punt on fourth and 4 in the first quarter, and instead Parker scored on an eye-popping 43-yard catch and run, toe-tapping along the sideline to the end zone.
Eagles: play host to the Giants on Monday, Nov. 9. The Eagles have won five in a row in the series and face the Giants again in the final game of the regular season.
