Olamide Zaccheaus hauled in the longest touchdown pass of Matt Ryan's career, a 93-yarder that propelled the Atlanta Falcons to another dominating win over the Carolina Panthers, 40-20 on Sunday.
Before Sunday, White had been on the receiving end of Ryan's longest scoring play, a 90-yarder against San Francisco in 2009.
The Panthers made it 10-10 with just over a minute to go before halftime, but the Falcons (4-9) quickly drove into position for Younghoe Koo's 35-yard field goal on the final play.
After  Carolina's Kyle Allen fumbled the ball away on a blind-side hit by Vic Beasley to start the third period, the Falcons replied with a 46-yard drive capped by Devonta' Freeman's 13-yard touchdown run that made it 20-10.
Then it was Ryan delivering the pass from his own end zone that finished off the Panthers.
The Panthers (5-8) were officially eliminated from playoff contention with their fifth straight loss, which ruined the debut of interim coach Perry Fewell. He took over at the beginning of the week after  longtime coach Ron Rivera  was fired.
Fewell and the Panthers endured a thoroughly miserable game. Allen was picked off twice in addition to coughing up the fumble. Carolina fumbled another one away on a kickoff return, the ball deflecting into the arms of Koo, setting off a wild celebration as the kicker bounced toward the sideline.
It was the highlight of the day for Koo, whose four field goals also included a 50-yarder that ricocheted off an upright.
Ryan finished 20 of 34 for 313 yards, also throwing a 15-yard touchdown pass to Calvin Ridley late in the second quarter as the Falcons piled up a season high for points.
Matty Ice became the 10th quarterback in NFL history to reach 50,000 yards. He's now at 50,279 and has his sights on John Elway, the NFL's ninth-leading passer with 51,475 yards.
Allen connected with Ian Thomas on a 1-yard scoring pass and tacked on a meaningless touchdown in the closing minutes with a 1-yard dive.
Jackson, who was beaten on the long touchdown play, blamed the coaches for calling an all-out blitz that left the cornerbacks on their own.
