The Broncos (2-4) blasted their way to seven sacks and three interceptions while sending Marcus Mariota to the bench and then stifling his backup, Ryan Tannehill, too, in a 16-0 win, their first shutout in two years.
They allowed just 204 yards on a day they honored recent Hall of Fame inductee Champ Bailey and other members of their all-time top 100 team including Rich  Jackson, Dennis Smith and Karl Mecklenburg.
 said cornerback Chris Harris Jr., whose interception just before halftime snapped Mariota's streak of 206 passes without being picked off. 
This marked the first time Denver had seven sacks and three interceptions in a game since Sept. 16, 1984. It also happened three times in the 1970s and twice in the 1960s.
Mariota was sacked three times and he was benched after Justin Simmons's interception early in the third quarter led to the game's only touchdown , a 2-yard run by Phillip Lindsay that made it 13-0.
 said Mariota, who was just 7-for-18 for 63 yards and a paltry passer rating of 9.5.
Tannehill was sacked four times and picked off by Kareem Jackson on Tennessee's final drive, which reached the Denver 5-yard line before two offensive penalties and a sack pushed the Titans (2-4) back to the 30-yard line.
 Harris said of Jackson's interception with 1:30 remaining, which allowed Joe Flacco to kneel out the clock. 
 Jackson said of Denver's slow September in which they went three games without a sack and four without a takeaway. 
Tannehill was 13 of 16 for 144 yards but much of that came with the Broncos protecting the end zone late.
The Broncos, who haven't allowed a touchdown in nine quarters, host Kansas City (4-2) on Thursday night with the chance to get back into the AFC West race after starting the Vic Fangio era with four frustrating losses.
The Broncos' winning streak coincides with the insertion of ILB Alexander Johnson into the starting lineup. Last week, he made his first start since Nov. 15, 2004, for Tennessee vs. Kentucky, and recorded nine tackles and an end zone interception against the Chargers. On Sunday, he had a team-leading nine tackles, two QB hits, 1 1/2 sacks and a tackle for loss.
 said Von Miller, who got half a sack.
Also collecting sacks for Denver were: DeMarcus Walker (two), Derek Wolfe (two) and Shelby Harris.
Both Denver and Tennessee were 2 of 14 on third downs, leading to 17 punts.
The first half featured more flags (10) and punts (11) than points (six), which came on two field goals by Brandon McManus, whose 53-yarder ended a skid in which he'd missed seven straight from beyond 50 yards.
