Russell Wilson threw two TD passes and ran for one, Seattle's defense forced four turnovers and Chris Carson scored on a 1-yard touchdown run with 3:30 left as the Seahawks rallied for a 32-28 win Sunday over the mistake-prone Browns.
The Seahawks (5-1), who are 3-0 on the road for the first time in 39 years, gave up touchdowns on Cleveland's first three possessions before storming back.
He connected with wide receiver Jaron Brown on his scoring passes, and Seattle's cool quarterback scampered 16 yards for a TD. The Seahawks, who have shown a knack for winning tight games, were last unbeaten in their first three road games in 1980, when they went 4-12.
The Browns (2-4) were hurt by their own miscues. They couldn't overcome three interceptions, a fumble, blocked punt or quarterback Baker Mayfield's hip injury.
The Seahawks defenders celebrated the game-clinching turnover in front of Cleveland's Dawg Pound section, which pelted them with cans and other debris.
Carson's short TD burst capped an efficient 79-yard drive by Wilson, who showed his usual poise and precision after the Browns had taken a 28-25 lead on Nick Chubb's 3-yard TD run.
Wilson finished 23 of 33 for 299 yards and stayed error-free. He has yet to throw an interception this season, and to this point, the eight-year veteran is outplaying every other QB in the league.
Mayfield, on the other hand, is struggling. He completed 22 of 37 passes for 249 yards, but he forced several throws and made a deliberate attempt to get the ball to Odell Beckham Jr., who finished with six catches for 101 yards.
Carson gained 124 yards on 24 carries for the Seahawks, who lost tight end Will Dissly in the first half with an Achilles injury. Dissly, whose rookie season was ended by a knee injury, left the stadium on crutches with his foot in an immobilizing boot.
He hung in the pocket and took a big hit from linebacker Joe Schobert -- his teammate at Wisconsin -- while completing a 17-yard TD pass with 22 seconds left in the half to pull the Seahawks within 20-18. Seattle's 2-point conversion failed, but the Seahawks were back in it after the Browns got greedy moments earlier.
Instead of running the ball, first-year coach Freddie Kitchens called a pass play and Mayfield forced one into the end zone that was behind Jarvis Landry, tipped and intercepted by safety Tedric Thompson.
The Browns scored on the first play of the second quarter to go up 20-6. It was the first time Seattle allowed an opponent to score touchdowns on its first three drives since Dallas did it in 2008.
Browns: Mayfield downplayed his hip injury, which happened on a first-half scramble.  he said. ... DT Daniel Ekuale sustained a head injury in the closing minutes.
