The Buffalo Bills, meanwhile, dropped to 3-1 following a 16-10 loss on Sunday and were left fuming after starting quarterback Josh Allen was unable to finish the game following a helmet-to-helmet hit by Jonathan Jones.
Jackson had two of the Patriots' four interceptions and also blocked a punt that led to Matthew Slater returning it 11 yards for a touchdown. Linebacker Jamie Collins sealed the victory by coming down with backup Matt Barkley's interception with 1:27 remaining.
Linebacker Kyle Van Noy, who pressured Barkley in forcing the interception, said the Patriots defense took exception to comments Bills tackle Dion Dawkins made earlier in the week. Dawkins told several reporters the Bills didn't care what the Patriots had done in their first three games because they had yet to face Buffalo.
New England entered having not allowed a touchdown rushing or passing, or a point in the first half. Both streaks ended with Stephen Hauschka hitting a 46-yard field goal with 1:55 left in the second quarter, and Allen diving over the pile for a 1-yard touchdown on fourth-and-1 to cap Buffalo's opening drive of the second half.
Brady finished 18 of 39 for 150 yards and an interception.
The Patriots' 16 points were scored as a result of Bills miscues. Brandon Bolden scored on a 4-yard run after Devin McCourty intercepted Allen on Buffalo's opening drive. Stephen Gostkowski, who missed an extra point wide left, hit a 23-yard field goal set up by Jackson's second interception.
The Bills were facing third-down-8 at the New England 45, when Allen scrambled out of the pocket and through a hole up the middle. With defensive back Duron Harmon coming in from the quarterback's right, Allen was struck in the crown of the helmet by Jones, who lowered his head to make the hit.
Allen lay on the field for several minutes before hopping up on his own. He was briefly evaluated on the sideline before being escorted up the tunnel. Allen was spotted walking around in the locker room following the game.
Though Brady didn't play much of a factor, he upped his career record to 31-3 against Buffalo -- extending the NFL career mark for most victories by a quarterback against one opponent. New England won its sixth straight against the Bills and improved to 34-5 against Buffalo since the start of the 2000 season.
Another key Patriots stop came on the drive Allen was hurt. With Buffalo facing fourth-and-goal from the 2, Barkley threw a high pass that glanced off receiver Zay Jones' fingertips five minutes into the fourth quarter.
Allen finished 13 of 28 for 153 yards and three interceptions. Barkley went 9 of 16 for 127 yards and an interception.
Brady's 45.9 passer rating was the sixth lowest of his career and lowest since finishing with a 34 rating in a 27-20 loss to Indianapolis on Nov. 5, 2006. The Patriots had lost the previous six times Brady finished with a passer rating of 48 or lower.
Running back Frank Gore led Buffalo with 109 yards rushing, and in the process became the fourth player in NFL history to top 15,000 yards rushing. The 36-year-old entered the game needing 88 yards. He topped 100 yards rushing for the 45th time of his career.
