CLEVELAND --  Backed up to their own goal line, the Rams buckled down.
Safety John Johnson III intercepted Baker Mayfield's fourth-down pass with 27 seconds left as Los Angeles escaped with a 20-13 win Sunday night over the short-handed Cleveland Browns, who gave the defending NFC champions all they could handle.
Cooper Kupp caught two touchdown passes from Jared Goff and the Rams (3-0) stopped Mayfield on four straight plays from the 4-yard line in the final minute.
The Rams (3-0) remained unbeaten -- and perfect against AFC teams in the regular season under coach Sean McVay -- by barely holding back the Browns (1-2), who were missing their entire starting secondary and still took the Rams to the final snaps.
On the Browns' final play, Mayfield, who was under pressure most of the night from Aaron Donald and Clay Matthews III, tried to force a pass to the right corner for Damion Ratley, but Johnson made the pick.
The Browns showed they can hang with one of the NFL's elite teams. However, their star-studded offense remains out of sync, Cleveland had too many penalties and first-year coach Freddie Kitchens made a questionable decision on fourth down in the fourth quarter.
Kupp underwent surgery on his left knee and missed the final six games last season, as well as the Rams' run to the Super Bowl. But he's back, giving Goff an additional target and McVay more firepower to work with. McVay is 9-0 against the AFC, with his only loss coming against the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LII.
Kupp finished with a career-high 11 receptions for 102 yards, but credited Goff for the two scores.
Greg Zuerlein kicked two field goals for the Rams.
Mayfield threw one TD pass -- a 2-yarder to tight end Demetrius Harris -- but isn't playing with the same confidence he showed as a rookie. He finished 18 of 36 for 195 yards and was sacked three times, twice in a three-play span in the fourth by Donald (his first this season) and Matthews, who had two sacks.
Goff's second TD pass to Kupp gave the Rams a 17-13 lead with 12:48 left. After a false start penalty moved the Rams back to the 6, Goff hit Kupp streaking across the end zone virtually uncovered.
The Browns marched to the Rams' 40 and stalled. But instead of punting on fourth-and-9, Kitchens went for it and Nick Chubb was stopped for just 2 yards and the Rams took over.
Cleveland, though, caught a break when safety Juston Burris intercepted Goff with 2:46 left. Mayfield completed a 27-yard pass on third-and-15 and drove to the Rams' 4, but he threw four straight incompletions as the comeback came up short.
Donald made four tackles, including his first sack. He was also flagged for a personal foul after hitting Mayfield on the head.
Clay Matthews, a steady and popular linebacker for 16 seasons with the Browns, was inducted into the team's ring of honor at halftime. Matthews was a four-time Pro Bowler, played in 278 games and had 76.5 sacks. He's a semifinalist this year for the third time to be enshrined into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
