Nick Foles ended his first three drives with turnovers that Tampa Bay turned into touchdowns, costly mistakes that propelled the Buccaneers to a 28-11 victory over the Jaguars on Sunday.
It was Jacksonville's fourth consecutive loss by at least 17 points and could mean the end of coach Doug Marrone's tenure with the team. At the very least, the skid will have owner Shad Khan considering changes over the final month of the season.
Minshew rallied the Jags and had a chance to make it a seven-point game in the fourth quarter. But his hot pass slipped through Dede Westbrook's hands and into Sean Murphy-Bunting's arms for Jacksonville's fourth turnover of the day.
He was downright awful against the Buccaneers (5-7), who have won two straight for the first time in Arians' first season.
Foles completed 7 of 14 passes for 93 yards, with two fumbles and an interception. He also was sacked three times and hit often -- the latest subpar performance for Jacksonville's offensive line.
Rookie linebacker Devin White stepped in front of Westbrook and intercepted a pass on Jacksonville's opening drive. Peyton Barber took advantage of the NFL's worst rushing defense in November and scored his first of two touchdowns.
On Jacksonville's next possession, linebacker Shaq Barrett beat rookie right tackle Jawaan Taylor and stripped Foles. White scooped up the fumble and ran 14 yards for a score. Barrett entered the game tied for the NFL lead with 12 1/2 sacks.
Foles wasn't done, though. He fumbled again on the team's third drive, this time in the red zone. Carl Nassib got the strip-sack and the recovery. Barber's second TD run capped an 83-yard drive.
Minshew completed 16 of 27 passes for 147 yards, with a touchdown, an interception and a fumble in the final minutes.
Jaguars: Linebacker Myles Jack missed the first game of his four-year NFL career, forcing Donald Payne into the starting lineup. Cornerback D.J. Hayden left in the third quarter with a neck injury. Defensive end Josh Allen, who broke the franchise's rookie record with his eighth sack, was evaluated for a concussion and cleared to return.
