Bridgewater passed for 314 yards and four touchdowns and New Orleans beat the Buccaneers 31-24 on Sunday to keep their fill-in quarterback unbeaten in three starts this season.
 said Bridgewater, who last eclipsed 300 yards passing as Minnesota's starter on Dec. 10, 2015, at Arizona -- just weeks before a major knee injury sidelined him for nearly two full seasons.
With Bridgewater getting increasingly accustomed to playing for the injured Drew Brees, he had his best game yet for New Orleans (4-1) against a Tampa Bay defense that entered the game ranked second to last in the NFL against the pass.
With chants of  echoing in the Superdome, Bridgewater completed 26 of 34 passes, with his two touchdown throws to Michael Thomas and one each to Jared Cook and Ted Ginn Jr.
Tampa Bay's secondary couldn't corral Thomas, who finished with 11 catches for 182 yards.
Bridgewater began seeing meaningful action with New Orleans in Week 2 of this season after Brees' first-quarter thumb injury in a loss to the Rams. In his first 11 quarters, which included two victories as a starter, Bridgewater had not completed a pass as long as 30 yards.
That changed in the first quarter against the Bucs (2-3) with a 34-yard completion to Thomas. Bridgewater later hit Thomas for a 42-yarder early in the second half, setting up his 33-yard scoring strike to Ginn.
Bucs QB Jameis Winston saw his production drop dramatically from his triumphant 385-yard, four-TD performance against the Rams in Week 4. He was 15 of 27 for 204 yards and two touchdowns to Chris Godwin.
After rookie defensive back Sean Murphy-Bunting made his first career interception on a pass bobbled by Alvin Kamara in the first quarter, Winston effectively skirted pressure by climbing the pocket and hit Godwin for a 26-yard TD and a 7-3 lead.
The Saints, who'd beaten Dallas 12-10 on four field goals a week earlier, responded by snapping a streak of 13 offensive possessions without a touchdown. Bridgewater drove New Orleans 75 yards on a series dominated by Thomas, who had two first-down catches of 18 yards before his 14-yard TD reception put the Saints back in front.
The Bucs' Peyton Barber powered in from 2 yards to make it 24-17 in the third quarter. But the Saints' defense was able to apply more pressure as the game wore on, sacking Winston four times in the fourth quarter.
The Saints finished with six sacks in all, two by second-year end Marcus Davenport and one each by Malcolm Brown, Cameron Jordan and rookie Carl Granderson.
Buccaneers starting cornerback Carlton Davis was ejected in the second quarter for a helmet-to-helmet hit on Cook as the tight end attempted to catch a pass.
The Saints parlayed the 15-yard penalty into a 75-yard touchdown drive that ended with a 9-yard pass to Cook.
Bridgewater was just one of three players with a completion of at least 13 yards. During a scoring drive early in the fourth quarter, running back Alvin Kamara took a handoff from Bridgewater and completed a 13-yard, first-down pass to tight end Josh Hill. Earlier in the game, reserve QB and utility player Taysom Hill completed an 18-yard pass to Thomas.
Buccaneers: Right tackle Demar Dotson left with a hamstring injury.
