LONDON --  Deshaun Watson's most impressive completion won't even count as one.
With a pair of defensive linemen dragging him to the ground, the escape artist who doubles as a quarterback made a backward flip to running back Carlos Hyde that set up Houston's first touchdown. The play said all that needed to be said about Watson, Hyde and the Texans in their 26-3 runaway over Jacksonville on Sunday.
 said receiver DeAndre Hopkins, the recipient of one of Watson's two 1-yard TD throws. 
Watson's rugby-style pitch was spot-on perfect for a game in London, where the locals are still recovering from England's 20-point loss in the World Cup final on Saturday, and now must deal with the added insult of watching their adopted home team, the Jaguars (4-5), getting hammered just as badly.
He finished 22 for 28 for 201 yards, along with 37 yards running. The official stats say he was hit seven times but sacked only once. He dodged defenders and made all the throws with his left eye still swollen and red, a week after getting kicked in the face just before throwing the winning touchdown pass against the Raiders.
The 7-yard gain off the lateral was just the start of things for Hyde. He finished with 19 carries for 160 yards for the Texans (6-3), including a 58-yard run in the fourth quarter that looked headed for a touchdown until Jags safety Jarrod Wilson stripped the ball at the 2.
A quarter earlier, Hyde ripped off a 48-yard gain -- finding nothing but air on the right side of the Jaguars line. Watson followed with a 21-yard strike to Hopkins (eight catches, 48 yards), and Duke Johnson ran it in from the 1 for a 19-3 lead.
In his last start before Nick Foles comes off the injured list, Jaguars quarterback Gardner Minshew went 27 for 47 with two picks and two lost fumbles. Almost all his 309 yards came during garbage time. It was not great film for coach Doug Marrone to review as he decides whether to keep the rookie in the starting spot.
Minshew went 4-4 as a starter. In two starts against Houston, the Jaguars produced one touchdown.
Jacksonville's chance at a comeback was derailed by a pair of costly -- and questionable -- calls. Trailing 9-3 in the third, D.J. Chark had a catch at the Houston 4 nullified by a ticky-tack pass-interference call. Jacksonville settled for a field-goal attempt that didn't get off the ground because of a high snap. On the next play, Jaguars defensive lineman Calais Campbell got hit with a personal foul after diving head-first at Watson but missing him completely. It set up a field goal for a 12-3 lead, and the rout was on.
With Jacksonville driving in the fourth quarter, trying to cut the deficit to one score, Texans defensive back Gareon Conley muscled the ball from Jags receiver Chris Conley, who appeared to have secured the ball to convert a fourth-and-10 in Houston territory.
