CARSON, Calif. -- Deshaun Watson appeared to be in Melvin Ingram's grasp until he slipped away, fled the pocket and lobbed a playground pass to wide-open tight end Jordan Akins, who sprinted away for the Houston Texans' final touchdown.
Given Watson's escape abilities, the Texans also feel they're never out of any game, even down by double digits on the road against a tough conference rival.
Watson threw for 351 yards and hit Akins with two of his three touchdown passes, and J.J. Watt had two of the Texans' five sacks of Philip Rivers in their 27-20 victory over the Los Angeles Chargers on Sunday.
Akins made the first two TD catches of his career and fellow tight end Darren Fells also caught a TD pass for the Texans (2-1), who rallied from a 10-point halftime deficit with 20 consecutive points on the way to their franchise's second-ever win over the Chargers (1-2).
 said Watt, who also forced a fumble by Rivers in the third quarter.
Houston went up 27-17 with 9:40 to play on that typically magical effort by Watson . The quarterback got away from Ingram and found Akins wandering free for a 53-yard catch-and-run TD.
The Chargers trimmed the lead to seven points and then drove into Houston territory in the final minute, converting two fourth downs along the way.
But a completion that would have put the Chargers inside the Houston 10 was wiped out by a holding penalty on left tackle Trent Scott with 24 seconds to play, and Rivers threw two final incompletions.
Keenan Allen caught 13 passes for a career-high 183 yards and two touchdowns from Rivers, who passed for 318 yards in the Bolts' second straight frustrating loss. Los Angeles also fumbled deep in Texans territory and had an interception and a touchdown both wiped out by penalties, losing a touchdown for the third time in their two defeats.
The Chargers have a losing record after three games for the fifth consecutive season. Los Angeles also started 1-2 last season before reeling off six straight wins during an 11-2 finish.
D.J. Reader had 1 1/2 sacks while the Texans constantly hounded Rivers, but Houston's offense was inert until Watson hit Kenny Stills on a 38-yard flea-flicker in the second quarter, followed by a 16-yard TD pass to Fells.
Rivers led an 89-yard TD drive shortly before halftime culminating in Allen's second TD on a 12-yard grab to put the Chargers up 17-7.
But Carlos Hyde scored his first touchdown for Houston on a 3-yard run midway through the third quarter, and the Texans' defense promptly created a turnover for its 16th consecutive game.
After Rivers' fumble ended Los Angeles' next drive deep in Texans territory, Watson hit a wide-open Akins for a 15-yard TD to put Houston ahead late in the third.
Watt faced off for the first time against his brother, Chargers fullback Derek Watt. They embraced and posed for photos afterward.
Allen has asserted himself as one of the NFL's best receivers since the Chargers' move to Los Angeles, but he hadn't had a multi-TD receiving game since Nov. 19, 2017. He surpassed his career high in yardage on a 15-yard catch on fourth down with two minutes to play.
Chargers: Travel to Miami to face the winless Dolphins on Sunday.
