LANDOVER, Md. --  Toward the end of the game, all Sam Darnold wanted to talk about on the sideline was his interception.
Thanks to Darnold's career-high four touchdown passes and the Washington Redskins' offensive ineptitude, that mistake was a mere blip in the New York Jets' 34-17 rout Sunday.
Darnold was 19 of 30 passing with 293 yards and tossed touchdowns to Daniel Brown, Robby Anderson, Ryan Griffin and former Redskins receiver Jamison Crowder to help New York win its second in a row.
Despite getting picked off deep in his own territory by Jon Bostic, the 2018 third overall pick bounced back and now has 11 TDs and 10 INTs this season. Darnold excelled at throwing on the run and managed the game well.
The Jets (3-7) sacked Redskins rookie quarterback Dwayne Haskins six times, including three by safety Jamal Adams, and linebacker Neville Hewitt intercepted him in his return to the lineup. Le'Veon Bell ran for a 1-yard TD, and New York reached 400 yards of offense for the first time in 20 games.
Washington (1-9) set a franchise record by going 16 consecutive quarters without a touchdown before Derrius Guice scored on a 45-yard screen pass early in the fourth. Haskins was 19 of 35 passing for 214 yards and threw TD passes to Guice and tight end Jeremy Sprinkle in his first game since being named starter for the rest of the season.
The Redskins' 16 quarters without a touchdown were the most by any team since the 2000 Baltimore Ravens. They broke the franchise record of 13 quarters set by the 1936 Boston Redskins before Guice finally broke out in his return from a Week 1 knee injury.
Adams became the second defensive back in the past decade with three sacks in a game, matching what Mike Hilton of the Pittsburgh Steelers did in 2017. With six sacks, he set the Jets single-season franchise record for the most by a defensive back.
The 24-year-old is on a roll. Adams led the Jets with nine tackles and two forced fumbles last week against the Giants. Adams joked that other defenders are mad at him for hogging all the sacks.
Even after allowing 34 points to a team that entered with the worst offense in the league, it seems like defensive coordinator Greg Manusky's job is safe. Asked if he was considering any chances to the defensive staff, Callahan said, 
