ATLANTA --  A fast start helped Seattle rule the road yet again.
Russell Wilson threw two touchdown passes to DK Metcalf, Chris Carson ran for 90 yards and a score, and the Seahawks beat the reeling Atlanta Falcons 27-20 on Sunday.
Seattle led 24-0 at halftime, providing the cushion it would need to withstand the Falcons' comeback behind backup quarterback Matt Schaub.
 said left tackle Duane Brown.
The Seahawks won the turnover battle 3-0.
Wilson completed first-half touchdown passes of 4 and 2 yards to Metcalf. Carson had a 1-yard scoring run.
The Seahawks rushed for 151 yards, including 55 from Rashaad Penny. Wilson completed 14 of 20 passes for 182 yards with no interceptions.
Schaub passed for 460 yards in his first start since 2015 with Baltimore. The Falcons announced Saturday that Ryan would not play, and Seattle cornerback Shaquill Griffin said he knew Schaub would be ready.
Schaub's passing in the second half helped the Falcons make the final score respectable.
Carroll said the Falcons' second-half comeback was a compliment to Quinn, his former defensive coordinator.
Needing a touchdown and field goal, the Falcons opted to have Matt Bryant kick a 37-yard field goal on a second-down play from the Seattle 19 with 1:21 remaining. Bryant's onside kick went out of bounds, ending Atlanta's hopes for a final possession.
Schaub completed 39 of 52 passes. Julio Jones had 10 catches for 152 yards.
Bryant missed two field goals beyond 50 yards in the second quarter. He was wide left on a 51-yarder on the first play of the quarter and was wide right from 53 yards, triggering boos from the home fans.
Bryant made a 47-yarder in the third quarter which cut Seattle's lead to 24-11. Brian Hill's 23-yard touchdown run on his first carry of the game gave the Falcons their first points.
The Falcons had an opportunity to cut the lead to six points before committing a key turnover early in the fourth quarter.
Devonta Freeman, reaching back for the goal line following a reception, fumbled. Seattle safety Marquise Blair, who was reaching for the ball, forced the fumble and Bobby Wagner recovered at the 1-yard line for the Seahawks.
A review confirmed the fumble call on the field.
The Seahawks stretched the lead to 27-11 on Jason Myers' 54-yard field goal.
Schaub's 1-yard touchdown pass to Austin Hooper cut the lead to 27-17. The 2-point pass to Hooper was no good.
Wagner had six tackles to move into first place on the Seahawks all-time list, passing Eugene Robinson. He was awarded a game ball in the locker room.
The Falcons' streak of four straight games without a sack ended when Grady Jarrett dropped Wilson to end Seattle's first possession of the second half. Tyeler Davison added a fourth-quarter sack.
Entering the game, the Falcons were last in the NFL with only five sacks.
