CARSON, Calif. --  Derek Carr and the Oakland Raiders will go into the final week of the season still having a chance for the playoffs after Sunday's 24-17 victory over the Los Angeles Chargers snapped a four-game losing streak.
Oakland (7-8) still has a chance after losses by Pittsburgh, Tennessee and Cleveland. It needs a win over Denver next week and some help for only their second postseason trip since 2003.
 said Carr, who completed 26 of 30 passes for 292 yards and a touchdown. 
Carr gave the Raiders a 14-7 lead with 8 seconds remaining with a 3-yard bootleg off right end. But Carr -- whose 86.7% completion rate is his second highest in a game -- also got plenty of help from players who have had to step up because of injuries.
Hunter Renfrow had seven receptions for 107 yards, including a 56-yard touchdown on the opening drive. DeAndre Washington started in place of Josh Jacobs, who was inactive because of a shoulder injury, and ran 85 yards rushing on 23 carries. His 5-yard score midway through the third quarter extended Oakland's lead to 21-7.
Melvin Gordon scored a pair of 1-yard touchdowns for the Chargers (5-10), who have dropped five of their past six. Philip Rivers was 27 of 39 for 279 yards in what could be his final home game with the Chargers. The 16-year veteran quarterback's contract expires at the end of the season. Keenan Allen had five receptions for 71 yards.
The game was tied at 7 late in the first half, but Oakland took control with touchdowns on two straight drives. Carr's run put the Raiders up for good and Washington's score completed a 13-play possession to start the second half which lasted 8:49.
Michael Badgley's 27-yard field goal with 1:29 remaining brought the Chargers within a touchdown, but Oakland recovered the onside kick and ran out the clock.
Renfrow had to wait until he got in the NFL for his first 100-yard receiving game. The rookie said he didn't have one in high school and the closest he got at Clemson was 93 yards as a freshman.
He got more than half his yards in the first quarter on the 56-yard touchdown from Carr. Renfrow caught it at the LA 47 on a slant route, eluded an arm tackle from Desmond King and outraced Rayshawn Jenkins to the end zone.
Oakland needs to beat Denver next Sunday, needs losses by the Titans at Houston and Steelers at Baltimore along with Indianapolis beating Jacksonville.
That would create a four-way tie. Oakland would win the tiebreaker over Pittsburgh based on strength of victory and Indianapolis by virtue of its win in Week 4. The Colts would eliminate Tennessee by having a better division record.
Chargers: wrap up the year at Kansas City next Sunday. Los Angeles has dropped 10 of its last 11 against the Chiefs, which included a 24-17 loss in Mexico City in Week 11.
