Shelby Harris  capped his breakout season with a knockdown  that officially knocked out the Oakland Raiders.
The nose tackle who was cut three times by the Raiders before blossoming in Denver batted down Derek Carr's 2-point pass to Hunter Renfrow with 7 seconds left Sunday and the Broncos put at end to the Raiders' dim playoff hopes -- and to Oakland's run as an NFL city with a 16-15 win.
The Raiders (7-9) nearly made the Broncos (7-9) pay dearly for Garett Bolles' 15th penalty of the season. His personal foul long after the whistle pushed Brandon McManus way back for a 57-yard field-goal attempt, which sailed wide, giving Oakland the ball at its 45-yard line with 1:41 remaining trailing by 7.
Carr hit Renfrow for the touchdown on second-and-goal from the 3 -- the first time the Raiders reached the end zone in five red-zone trips -- and coach Jon Gruden decided to go for the win instead of the tie.
Carr said had Harris not gotten his hand on the ball, Oakland wins.
The Raiders had an outside shot of making the playoffs for just the second time since 2002, but they needed several things to go right, starting with a win. Instead, they ended their time in Oakland with another losing record as they head to Las Vegas in the new year.
The Broncos posted their third consecutive losing season but they head into 2020 with renewed optimism thanks to rookie quarterback Drew Lock, who went 4-1 in his five starts. The Broncos finished 7-5 after a winless first month under first-year head coach Vic Fangio.
Lock completed 17 of 28 passes for 177 yards and a 1-yard TD toss to fullback Andrew Beck, whose first career TD catch gave Denver a 10-3 halftime lead. The score was set up by safety Trey Marshall's recovery of Marcell Ateman's fumble.
Carr was 29 of 46 for 391 yards and the TD throw to Renfrow, who caught six passes for 102 yards to go with tight end Darren Waller's six catches for 107 yards.
That marked the Broncos' first goal-line stand since Oct. 22, 2017, against the Chargers.
The Raiders also stalled at the 20 (missed field goal) and the 5-yard line, which left them trailing 10-3 at halftime despite outgaining the Broncos 209-83 yards through the air.
 Gruden said. "We had a great opening drive, thought we had Renfrow wide open for a look and we didn't convert that, and we missed a short field goal. We had a touchdown to Renfrow called back by our friend in New York. I thought we scored. I thought we were in on Ingold's play. That's a zilch. Then we had a drive where we settled for a field goal.
It wasn't easy but Phillip Lindsay gained 53 yards on 18 carries to top 1,000 yards rushing for the second straight season.
Raiders: Leading rusher Josh Jacobs was held out again with a shoulder injury and an illness. They lost MLB Will Compton to a concussion and WLB Nicholas Morrow was nicked up.
