INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- — John Wolford's NFL debut started with an interception on his first throw. It ended with the inexperienced quarterback fearlessly leading the Los Angeles Rams back to the playoffs.
And though Wolford capably did his part, everybody in the Rams' jubilant locker room realized they owed this achievement to a dominant defense that scored as many points as the Rams' offense — and a couple more than the Arizona Cardinals — in Los Angeles' 18-7 victory Sunday.
Troy Hill returned an interception 84 yards for a touchdown to lead yet another overwhelming defensive performance by the Rams (10-6), who earned their third postseason berth in four years under coach Sean McVay. They will play at Seattle on Saturday at 4:40 p.m. EST.
Wolford passed for 231 yards and rushed for 56 more, producing many  moments of excitement in place of injured Jared Goff. While he got more comfortable with each series, Wolford realized he had the luxury of being backed by a defense that has remedied the flaws of LA's inconsistent offense all year long.
The Rams would have reached the playoffs even with a loss because Green Bay beat Chicago while a few minutes were left at SoFi Stadium. Despite failing to score an offensive touchdown for the second straight game, Los Angeles still snapped its two-game skid heading to the postseason with its eighth consecutive win over Arizona (8-8).
Aaron Donald’s group scored nine points on Hill’s pick-6 and a safety while holding the Cardinals to 214 yards and shutting them out for the final 55 minutes. Coordinator Brandon Staley’s unit finished the regular season allowing the fewest points (296) and total yards (4,511) in the NFL.
Kyler Murray passed for 87 yards after sitting out for most of the first three quarters with an ankle injury for the Cardinals, who missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season. Arizona would have clinched a postseason spot with a victory.
 said Murray, who got injured on a tackle during Arizona's opening drive. 
Chris Streveler passed for 105 yards in his first significant NFL action, throwing a TD pass to Jonathan Ward. Murray's backup also threw that crucial interception shortly before halftime to Hill, who tipped the ball to himself and rambled for his third touchdown in six games — and the second pick-6 against Arizona this season for a six-year veteran who had never scored before this stretch.
Murray's first drive after returning ended in a blocked field goal by A'Shawn Robinson, and the Cards never got in scoring range again.
Los Angeles got a safety in the second quarter when Arizona left guard Justin Pugh held Robinson in the end zone moments after Cam Akers fumbled at the 1. Rams linebacker Leonard Floyd also triggered a $1.25 million bonus in his contract with another sack, his 10th of an outstanding season.
His first pass went straight to linebacker Jordan Hicks deep in Rams territory. Wolford shook off the Cards' subsequent TD and led the Rams on three lengthy drives in the first half with his arm and his feet.
Wolford racked up 47 yards rushing in the first half — more than Goff managed in any game of his five-year career.
Murray returned for the fourth quarter and immediately drove the Cardinals deep into Rams territory, but Jalen Ramsey made  a remarkable deflection on third down before Robinson blocked a field-goal attempt with 9:01 to play.
Wolford made several big plays down the stretch, including a scramble for a first down on third-and-8 with 2:40 to play, all but sealing the victory.
Cardinals: WR Larry Fitzgerald didn't play because of a groin injury in what could have been the final game of his impressive 17-season career. ... Hicks injured his neck shortly after his interception in the first quarter, and he didn't return.
Rams: They played without their leading passer, leading rusher (Darrell Henderson) and leading receiver (Cooper Kupp).
Cardinals: A long offseason after a talented team still produced its fifth consecutive non-winning season.
