So while the Steelers stayed perfect with a disjointed 19-14 win over the undermanned Ravens in the first NFL game on a Wednesday in eight years, their play was anything but. And Tomlin knows it.
Asked about an offense that managed just one touchdown in four trips to the red zone — missed opportunities that allowed the Ravens (6-5) to hang around until the final minutes — Tomlin didn't offer analysis as much as rage.
The Steelers turned it over twice, once on a fourth-down heave into the end zone by Ben Roethlisberger, the other a fumbled punt by Ray-Ray McLoud that set up a 1-yard touchdown plunge by Gus Edwards. They let Baltimore backup quarterback Robert Griffin III briefly turn back the clock to his 2012 Rookie of the Year season and looked at times like a team in the middle of ho-hum midweek practice — which, to be fair, Wednesdays typically are — rather than a showdown with its longtime rivals.
 said Roethlisberger, whose 1-yard strike to JuJu Smith-Schuster early in the fourth quarter gave the Steelers a 12-point lead they flirted with squandering. 
While Griffin completed just 7 of 12 passes for 33 yards and a first-quarter Pick-6 by Joe Haden that gave the Steelers an early lead, Griffin ran for a game-high 68 yards before leaving in the fourth quarter with a left hamstring injury. Trace McSorley, one of 11 players promoted from the practice squad, came on and connected with Marquise Brown for a 70-yard touchdown with 2:58 to go. But the Steelers were able to drain the clock behind a third-down grab by James Washington, eliminating the Ravens from repeating as AFC North champions.
The Ravens couldn't pass. Pittsburgh's receivers couldn't catch. And a contest that looked like a mismatch — the Steelers went off as 10 1/2-point favorites, a rarity in a rivalry that is one of the NFL's best — was instead a festival of blah.
The Ravens were trailing 12-7 late in the second quarter when a 39-yard sprint by Griffin helped move the ball to the Pittsburgh 1. A handoff to Gus Edwards on second down went nowhere. Out of timeouts, the Ravens could have spiked the ball to set up a field goal to draw within two at the break. Instead, Baltimore nearly converted, but Luke Willson — a reserve who had played all of 21 offensive snaps on the season coming in — couldn’t bring in Griffin's pass in the end zone.
Ravens coach John Harbaugh thought Pittsburgh's defense took its time — perhaps too much of it — getting up after stopping Edwards, allowing the clock to tick away.
Steelers: Outside linebacker Bud Dupree exited in the fourth with what appeared to be a knee injury. Dupree has eight sacks this season and is set to become a free agent next spring. Pittsburgh lost starting inside linebacker Devin Bush to a torn ACL earlier this year.
Steelers: Welcome the Washington Football Team next Monday afternoon. The NFL pushed back the game a day after Pittsburgh’s game against Baltimore was rescheduled.
