INGLEWOOD, Calif. --  Carolina was missing Christian McCaffrey, but got big efforts on defense and special teams to give coach Matt Rhule his first NFL victory.
The Panthers forced three Los Angeles turnovers and Joey Slye kicked five field goals in a 21-16 win over the Chargers on Sunday.
 said Teddy Bridgewater, who was 22 of 28 for 235 yards and a touchdown. 
Carolina snapped a 10-game losing streak dating to last season. It came down to the final play, with the Chargers in position for a go-ahead touchdown in the final seconds.
The Panthers had not recorded a sack and allowed 65 points in their first two games but looked like a different unit. They sacked Justin Herbert twice and converted three turnovers into 12 points.
 said defensive end Brian Burns, who had a sack.
The Panthers (1-2) averaged 3.9 yards per carry without the All-Pro McCaffrey, who will miss at least two more games with a high ankle sprain. Mike Davis had 91 scrimmage yards (46 rushing, 45 receiving) and a touchdown.
The Chargers have dropped two straight after winning their opener at Cincinnati.
Herbert became the third quarterback since the merger to throw for 300 yards in his first two starts. The rookie was 35 of 49 for 330 yards and a touchdown, but also had a fumble and an interception.
Los Angeles still had a chance to win at the end. After forcing Carolina to punt, the Chargers took over on the LA 1 with 1:43 remaining. They drove to the Carolina 28 before the drive stalled. Herbert had Keenan Allen open in the end zone with 6 seconds left but Tre Boston broke it up.
Allen had 13 receptions for 136 yards and a TD while Ekeler had 159 scrimmage yards (59 rushing, 80 receiving) and a score.
After going three-and-out on its opening possession, Carolina scored on five consecutive drives in the first half. Four ended with field goals by Slye.
Tahir Whitehead recovered Herbert's fumble after a sack by Burns to set up Slye's second field goal.
The Chargers took a 7-6 lead early in the second quarter when Ekeler ran it from around right end from 12 yards. Carolina regained the lead on the ensuing possession when Slye connected from 30 yards.
The Panthers got their only touchdown after a Chargers turnover. They took over at the Carolina 43 after Shaq Thompson recovered Joshua Kelley's fumble and scored in eight plays. Mike Davis caught Bridgewater's screen pass and went 13 yards to the end zone. Nasir Adderley blocked Slye's extra-point attempt to keep Carolina's lead at 15-7.
It looked like it was going to remain that way going into halftime before Donte Jackson intercepted Herbert's pass intended for Allen and returned it 66 yards to the LA 8. Two plays later, Slye was good from 22 yards.
The teams traded field goals in the second half before Herbert brought the Chargers within 21-16 with a 14-yard strike to Allen with 4:39 remaining. The 2-point attempt failed.
Allen moved into third place in receptions in franchise history, surpassing Kellen Winslow's 541. Allen has 548 receptions in his eighth season.
Allen has 24 100-yard receiving games, tying Winslow for second.
Chargers: Have two straight on road, beginning next Sunday against Tampa Bay.
