DETROIT -- — Kirk Cousins danced in the end zone after running for a go-ahead touchdown early in the fourth quarter and the Minnesota Vikings went on to celebrate the end of a disappointing season with a 37-35 win over the lowly Detroit Lions on Sunday.
 Cousins said after throwing three touchdowns in the first half and finishing with a season-high 405 yards passing.
The Vikings (7-9) failed for the fourth time in a decade to make two straight trips to the playoffs. They won five of six midway through the season to be in the postseason race, but dashed those hopes by losing three straight before closing with a win at Detroit.
Detroit's defense broke franchise records by allowing 519 points and 6,716 yards, breaking marks set by its winless team in 2008 and ranking among the worst in NFL history.
 said Lions interim coach Darrell Bevell, who had one victory in five games and missed a game because of COVID-19 protocols in place of Patricia.
The unit's woes were on full display when Chad Beebe scored on a 40-yard touchdown with 4 seconds left in the first half. The receiver bounced off two defenders  and ran past veteran safety Duron Harmon as he stood and watched.
Alexander Mattison ran for 16 yards to convert a fourth-and-1 from the Lions 25 with 2:28 left, allowing the Vikings to run out the clock to seal the win. The second-year running back ran for 95 yards and a third-quarter touchdown. He also turned a short pass on fourth down into a 28-yard score in the first quarter.
Mattison filled in for running back Dalvin Cook, who missed the game following the death of his father.
Cousins was 28 of 40 and didn't throw an interception, finishing with his highest total of yards passing since Sept. 27, 2018.
Justin Jefferson  had nine receptions for 133 yards to finish with 1,379 yards receiving, breaking the NFL rookie record for yards receiving set by Anquan Boldin in 2003.
Detroit's Matthew Stafford — playing with ankle, rib and thumb injuries — was 20 of 31 for 293 yards with three touchdowns. In possibly his last game with the Lions, he threw an interception that led to Dan Bailey's field goal that put the Vikings ahead 31-23 in the third quarter.
Marvin Jones had eight receptions for 180 yards and two touchdowns for the the Lions.
Cousins' 1-yard run early in the fourth quarter came two plays after a questionable call  was made against defensive back Tracy Walker. He was flagged for roughing the passer on his sack, giving Minnesota a first down at the Detroit 1 instead of turning it over on downs.
 said Detroit running back Adrian Peterson, who had a season-high 38-yard run and finished with 63 yards and a touchdown on seven carries against the team that drafted him in 2007. 
