DETROIT --  The New Orleans Saints  overcame a two-touchdown deficit to beat Detroit  -- and that wasn't the only challenge they had to overcome on short rest Sunday.
Drew Brees threw two touchdown passes to Tre'Quan Smith 2:19 apart in the second quarter, helping the short-handed Saints rally to beat the Lions 35-29.
New Orleans was the latest team to come back against Detroit, scoring 35 straight points from late in the first period to midway through the third to take control.
Matthew Stafford ended the Saints' run with a TD pass to T.J. Hockenson late in the third quarter. The Lions pulled within six points with 3:36 left in the fourth on Adrian Peterson's 5-yard run and Hockenson's 2-point conversion catch.
The Saints took a step toward sealing the win with Brees converting a third-and-5 from his 27 with a 19-yard pass to Smith.
And to dash any comeback hopes Detroit had, Alvin Kamara ran for 5 yards on a third-and-3 run from midfield.
Stafford capped the opening drive with a TD pass to D'Andre Swift. After Brees' first pass was deflected and intercepted on his first snap, Stafford threw a 15-yard pass to Kenny Golladay to give Detroit its third double-digit lead that wasn't large enough.
The Lions lost a 17-point, fourth-quarter lead the opener against Chicago. In Week 2, they were ahead by 11 points against Green Bay before giving up 31 straight points and losing an 11th straight game.
Detroit bounced back to beat Arizona with a game-ending drive last week, but embattled coach Matt Patricia fell to 10-25-1 after his team collapsed again. Patricia may have a lot of questions to answer from ownership during the bye week to keep his job.
The 41-year-old Brees, without injured receiver Michael Thomas, spread the ball around as he found soft spots in zone coverage. He also had the benefit of a ground game that moved the ball easily against one of the NFL's worst defenses against the run.
Brees was 19 of 25 for 246 yards with two TDs and an interception.
Kamara accounted for 83 yards on the ground and a seventh TD this season. Latavius Murray had 64 yards rushing and two scores.
Stafford was 17 of 31 for 206 yards with three TDs and an interception on a pass intended for Hockenson in the end zone late in the first half.
