NEW ORLEANS --  Drew Brees and Tom Brady, the two leading passers in NFL history, couldn't muster vintage performances in the first NFL game featuring two starting quarterbacks in their 40s.
Brady threw two interceptions in his Tampa Bay debut, Alvin Kamara scored touchdowns running and receiving, and the New Orleans Saints beat the Buccaneers 34-23 on Sunday.
The first of Brady's interceptions led to Kamara's 6-yard touchdown run. The second pick thrown by the new, 43-year-old Bucs QB -- who left the New England Patriots in free agency after 20 years and six Super Bowl triumphs -- was returned 36 yards for a touchdown by Janoris Jenkins.
The 41-year-old Brees passed for 160 yards and two TDs. He did not turn the ball over and took only one sack. His first TD pass was a dump-off to Kamara from 12 yards out. In the fourth quarter he hit free-agent signing Emmanuel Sanders for a 5-yard score.
That turned the normally deafening 73,000-seat Superdome into more of an echo chamber. When Wil Lutz's field goal put New Orleans up 17-7, the squeaking of pulleys could be heard across the stadium as the net behind the goal post was lowered.
Tight end Jared Cook caught five passes for 80 yards for New Orleans, highlighted by a 46-yard reception down the left side that set up Sanders' TD.
Brady was 15 of 28 passing for 157 yards and one TD through the first 54 minutes. He padded his numbers in garbage time, finishing with 239 yards and two TDs, the second scoring strike going to Mike Evans with 2:41 left.
He lofted a 26-yard completion to Chris Godwin along the right sideline, drew a pass interference penalty with a 22-yard attempt to Mike Evans and capped the drive with a 2-yard keeper, after which he emphatically spiked the ball.
The Saints saw two players activated from the practice squad come up with big special teams plays. Defensive end Margus Hunt blocked a 54-yard field goal attempt. Receiver Bennie Fowler recovered a muffed kickoff at the Tampa Bay 18 in the fourth quarter, setting up a 21-yard field goal that made it 34-17 with 8:01 left.
The Saints were flagged four times for defensive pass interference for 101 yards. All of those calls occurred during the Bucs' first three scoring drives. A 33-yard interference penalty against Tampa Bay at its own 6-yard line set up Kamara's second touchdown of the game. Officials called defensive pass interference six times for 149 yards on both teams.
Buccaneers: Evans played after missing practice the past week with a hamstring injury. His only catch was his late, 2-yard TD.
Saints: Two-time All-Pro WR Michael Thomas appeared to be limping in the fourth quarter of a game in which he had just three catches for 17 yards. New RB Ty Montgomery appeared shaken up after special teams play but was able to walk to the sideline.
Buccaneers: Continue NFC South play when Brady makes his home debut against Carolina on Sunday.
