The Rams hung on to win a mostly dismal game with just enough big plays on offense and a redemptive interception by Darious Williams.
Jared Goff hit Cooper Kupp for a 55-yard touchdown with 6:56 to play, and the Rams grinded out a 17-9 victory over New York on Sunday before the wild fight between Ramsey and Tate.
Williams made a diving pick at the Los Angeles 7 with 52 seconds to play as the Rams (3-1) barely stayed unbeaten at new SoFi Stadium and kept first-year Giants coach Joe Judge winless. Los Angeles managed 240 total yards and went nearly 45 minutes between its two touchdowns, but it was enough.
 Rams defensive tackle Aaron Donald said. 
Daniel Jones passed for 190 yards and rushed for 45 for the Giants (0-4), who haven't scored a touchdown in their last two games. New York had two chances with the ball after Kupp's TD, but the Giants turned it over on downs before Jones drove them deep into Rams territory.
That's when Williams stepped up. The fourth-year cornerback was whistled for a debatable pass interference penalty on fourth down in the final minute of the Rams' 35-32 loss at Buffalo last week, and the Bills scored the winning TD on the next play.
One week later, Williams came up huge on a pass by Jones intended for Damion Ratley, diving to get both hands on the ball just above the turf. Williams said he recognized the Giants' play call from earlier in the game, allowing him to anticipate the throw.
After the kneeldown, even more action happened: Ramsey and Tate scuffled at midfield after a game filled with trash-talking between the two Nashville-area natives. Ramsey has two young children with Tate's sister, and Tate was publicly upset last year when the couple went through a nasty breakup.
Ramsey and Tate both walked toward midfield when the game ended, and they immediately took swings at each other, eventually going to the turf in a heap. The veterans' teammates pulled them apart, but no players professed knowledge of what happened.
New York's defense gave an admirable effort against the NFL's third-ranked offense entering Week 4, but the Giants' offense stalled three times in the red zone before its late misadventures. Graham Gano kicked three field goals in the Giants' first game in the Los Angeles area since 1994.
Tight end Gerald Everett had his first career rushing touchdown for the Rams on their opening drive, but they managed just three points from their next six drives before Kupp took off through New York's defense to cap a 91-yard march.
Everett's early fumble allowed the Giants to kick their first field goal, but the Rams battered Jones with four sacks in the first four drives. The Giants trailed only 10-6 at halftime despite gaining 67 total yards.
Before their fight, Ramsey and Tate clashed several times on the field. They visibly trash-talked each other before and after whistles, and Ramsey made a spectacular hit on Tate early in the fourth quarter to force a fourth down.
Kupp's catch and run behind the New York linebackers was the only TD pass for Goff, who went 25 of 32 for 200 yards. Los Angeles had racked up at least 400 total yards in each of its first three games.
