Reddick had a franchise-record five sacks and three forced fumbles as the Cardinals ended a three-game skid and spoiled the return of Giants quarterback Daniel Jones with a 26-7 victory over New York on Sunday.
 said Reddick, who broke the team record of 4 1/2 sacks set by Curtis Greer in 1983 against the Eagles. 
After opening the season 6-2, the Cardinals lost four of five to fall out of a playoff spot. Coupled with Tampa Bay’s 26-14 win over Minnesota (6-7), the Cardinals are back in a wild-card berth.
Murray, who went 24 of 35 for 244 yards and a touchdown, said safety Budda Baker talked to the team this week, saying to look at themselves if they want to get back to the playoffs for the first time since 2015.
 said Murray, who ran 10 times for 47 yards. 
The loss ended a four-game winning streak for the Giants (5-8), who were coming off a win over Seattle that was their best performance of the season.
Mike Nugent came off the practice squad and added his first four field goals in more than a year, and  Kenyan Drake scored on a 1-yard dive as Arizona won for only the second time in six games.
Hopkins finished with nine catches for 136 yards as the offense rolled up 390 total yards. The defense and special teams made major contributions, setting up the first 13 points for Arizona. The D limited New York to 159 yards in making Jones' return from a one-game absence with a hamstring injury miserable.
Jones finished 11 of 21 for 127 yards and two fumbles, including one lost on the opening series. He was sacked six times before leaving late for Colt McCoy.
New York's only score game on a 1-yard run by Dion Lewis on its opening possession of the second half, cutting the deficit to 20-7. A 39-yard pass from Jones to Golden Tate set up the TD.
Murray threw a 7-yard pass to Dan Arnold  to cap a 21-yard possession set up by a lost fumble by Lewis on a kickoff return.
Nugent, subbing for the injured Zane Gonzalez, kicked field goals of 34 and 37 earlier. The first one was set up by a 24-yard punt return by Christian Kirk to the Giants 38.
New York: Jones was limping by the end of the game. McCoy, who started in last week's win over Seattle, replaced him late in the fourth quarter and was treated as badly as Jones.
