LAS VEGAS -- — Cincinnati Bengals running back Joe Mixon asked his teammates at Thursday’s practice what the plans were for a touchdown celebration in lieu of their first-ever trip to Las Vegas.
Mixon rushed for 123 yards, scored two touchdowns, celebrated in the end zone by pretending to shake and roll a pair of dice, and the Bengals defeated the Las Vegas Raiders 32-13 on Sunday.
Joe Burrow was 20 of 29 for 148 yards and threw one touchdown for Cincinnati, while Offensive Rookie of the Year candidate Ja’Marr Chase caught three passes, including one TD. Chase leads all rookies with eight touchdowns this season.
Bengals kicker Evan McPherson had four field goals and became the 13th player with three of 50 yards or more in a game.
 said Burrow, who was just 12 of 18 for 78 yards and was sacked twice in the first half. 
Meanwhile, Cincinnati’s defense limited the Raiders to 278 yards, the second time the Bengals held an opponent to fewer than 300 yards in a game.
Raiders quarterback Derek Carr finished 19 of 27 for 215 yards, one touchdown and one interception. Tight end Darren Waller caught seven passes for 116 yards, while his backup Foster Moreau’s lone catch was a 19-yard touchdown.
Las Vegas failed to convert on its first six third-down attempts —a stretch of 14 straight over two games from last week’s loss to Kansas City — until Carr hit Hunter Renfrow for 8 yards on a third-and-2 with two minutes left in the game.
A conversion too late, as it turned out, as Carr was sacked on the next two plays, fumbled on the second one, and watched the Bengals wrap up the win.
Las Vegas’ ineffectiveness on third downs and in the red zone was amplified by costly penalties. The Raiders were flagged seven times for 77 yards, while Cincinnati had just one penalty for 5 yards.
Things started off well for the Raiders after Yannick Ngakoue gifted the offense when his strip-sack fumble on the Bengals’ first drive ended up in the hands of Dallin Leavitt, who returned the ball 32 yards to the Cincinnati 9.
But the Raiders, who entered Week 11 ranked 26th in converting red zone opportunities into touchdowns, mustered just 1 yard on their opening drive and settled for a field goal.
The Raiders didn't find the end zone early until the fourth quarter when Carr found Moreau for a 19-yard TD strike to get Las Vegas within 16-13.
But after Chase’s touchdown made it 22-13, Carr was intercepted by Apple and two plays later Mixon added the exclamation point with a 20-yard run to the end zone that put the game out of reach.
