Jacksonville had the better Allen on this Sunday, with the third-year pro intercepting a pass, making a sack and recovering a fumble in a 9-6 upset of the Bills that will go down as one of the best defensive efforts in franchise history.
Allen and fellow pass rushers Dawuane Smoot and Taven Bryan harassed Buffalo's Allen all day and caused three second-half turnovers that propelled Jacksonville (2-6) to its second victory in three games.
Allen completed 31 of 47 passes for 264 yards, with the two picks and a fumble. He also fumbled again late, but officials ruled his progress was stopped.
The Bills finished with 301 yards, but had 12 penalties for 118 yards and had to settle for a field goal after getting to the Jaguars 6-yard line on their opening possession.
 Jaguars cornerback Shaquill Griffin said. "If you feel like one team deserved this win, it’s us, but you’ve got to believe that.
The game's most decisive moments came on Buffalo's final two drives: Allen fumbled on a third-and-2 play at the Jaguars 37 with a little more than 5 minutes remaining. Allen fumbled after getting pressured by Smoot. The other Allen recovered.
Buffalo got the ball back in the waning minutes and advanced to the Jaguars 39. But Smoot sacked Allen on third down. It was Jacksonville’s fourth sack of the day.
Allen's sack made NFL history. It was the first time a player sacked a quarterback with the same name since the league started counting sacks in 1982.
The outcome was one few could have seen coming, especially considering Jacksonville looked lost on the West Coast a week ago and Buffalo had become the betting favorite to win the Super Bowl.
 the winning Allen said.
Wright hit the left upright from 42 yards, but a false start penalty on the Jaguars gave him another chance from 47. He yanked that one left, too. But Bills reserve running back Taiwan Jones was flagged for running into the kicker – it probably should have been a roughing call – and Wright got one more chance.
He missed left again from 42 yards out.
Wright did have three field goals for all his team's points, hitting from 39, 55 and 21 yards.
The Bills continue a three-game stretch against some of the NFL’s worst teams when they play at the New York Jets next Sunday. The soft stretch started against Miami last week.
