Darnold threw for 305 yards and two touchdowns on Sunday and Carolina's defense turned in another stellar performance in a dominant 26-7 win over the New Orleans Saints.
Darnold connected on TD passes to Brandon Zylstra and Moore, and McCaffrey battled through leg cramps to pile up 137 yards from scrimmage and scored his first touchdown as the Panthers (2-0) defeated the Saints for only the second time in the past 10 tries.
McCaffrey's presence has been key for Darnold, allowing the fourth-year QB to use more play action and bootleg rollouts than he did with the New York Jets, freezing the defense. That was evident when he connected with Zylstra on a 20-yard touchdown pass after a bootleg that bought him extra time to find the open receiver.
Jameis Winston struggled after throwing five TD passes in a 38-3 win over the Green Bay Packers in the season opener. Winston, who replaced future Hall of Famer Drew Brees, was held to 111 yards passing, intercepted twice and sacked four times on a day when the Saints (1-1) were limited to 128 yards on offense, their fewest ever under coach Sean Payton.
Carolina's defense held Alvin Kamara to 5 yards on eight carries as the Saints struggled with five of the team’s offensive coaches out because of COVID-19 protocols. In all, the Saints were missing eight assistant coaches because of COVID-19.
The Panthers racked up 383 yards, and had 28 first downs to New Orleans’ 6.
The Panthers have 10 sacks and three interceptions through two weeks and defensive end Haason Reddick said, 
The Panthers were in complete control until late in the third quarter when Darnold nearly allowed the Saints back in the game. He attempted a shovel pass that defensive end Malcolm Roach intercepted and returned to the Carolina 18.
Winston took advantage five plays later with an 8-yard touchdown run to cut Carolina's lead to 17-7.
But the Panthers regained their composure and put the Saints away after McCaffrey returned to the game following missing two series with leg cramping. He scored on an 11-yard run to help put the game out of reach.
