At some point, the platitudes need to turn into something far more tangible. Something like Sunday's 24-10 win over the Pittsburgh Steelers at Heinz Field, a victory that signaled Taylor's rebuilding project may finally be gaining traction.
The second-year quarterback and rookie wide receiver who were record-setting teammates while helping LSU to the 2019 national title, connected on a pair of touchdown passes as the Bengals (2-1) beat the Steelers (1-2) on the road for the first time since 2015.
Against Pittsburgh, that meant keeping Burrow upright. It's something the Bengals failed miserably at during their previous visit to Heinz Field last November when Burrow was sacked four times in a blowout loss.
Minus outside linebackers T.J. Watt and Alex Highsmith, both nursing groin injuries, the Steelers not only saw their NFL-record streak of 75 straight games with a sack end. They failed to hit Burrow even once as he completed 14 of 18 passes for 172 yards with three touchdowns and an interception.
They took down Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger four times, picked him off twice and hardly looked rattled when the Steelers picked up the pace while trying to unsuccessfully scramble out of a 17-point deficit.
Something that hasn’t been a problem for anyone facing a Steelers offensive line that is suffering through some highly visible growing pains.
All five Pittsburgh offensive line starters drew at least one flag before two of them — center Kendrick Green and right tackle Chuks Okorafor — left in the second half with injuries.
The game turned late in the first half after Pittsburgh put together a long touchdown drive to tie the score at 7 with 1:04 to go in the second quarter.
Chase noticed Steelers defensive back James Pierre was waiting too long to turn his hips and run whenever Chase went deep. Chase mentioned it to Burrow, and Burrow responded by lobbing a rainbow Chase hauled in for a 34-yard touchdown with 37 seconds to go before the break.
Burrow found Chase again for a 9-yard score midway through the third quarter, three plays after linebacker Logan Wilson picked off Roethlisberger for a second time. The touchdown — Chase's fourth in just three games — gave the Bengals a cushion the Steelers never really threatened to close.
The Steelers have yet to score a point in the first quarter and have spent the vast majority of their first three games playing from behind. They led only briefly last week against Las Vegas and were never in front of the Bengals after their first eight drives generated a total of seven points.
Roethlisberger, who completed 38 of 57 passes for 318 yards with a touchdown and two picks shrugged when asked what's plaguing the offense in the early going.
Rookie running back Najee Harris ran for 40 yards and caught 14 passes for 102 more as often the only playmaker at Roethlisberger's disposal. His 14 receptions were the most ever in a game by a Steelers running back.
Steelers: Visit Green Bay next Sunday. Pittsburgh has won each of its past two visits to Lambeau Field, including a 38-31 win in 2013.
