MINNEAPOLIS -- — After two narrow losses to start the season, Kirk Cousins and the Minnesota Vikings found a foolproof way to avoid the type of harrowing finish that has haunted them more often than not.
They put this game away ahead of time — against Russell Wilson and the Seattle Seahawks, no less.
Cousins threw three touchdown passes before halftime and guided three clock-draining field goal drives after that, as the Vikings cruised to a 30-17 victory on Sunday for their first win over the Seahawks in 12 years.
Alexander Mattison stepped in for the injured Dalvin Cook and racked up 171 total yards, rushing 18 times for 76 yards in the second half. After losing 27-24 in overtime at Cincinnati and 34-33 at Arizona, the Vikings (1-2) hit their stride in the second quarter, took the lead with 16 seconds left in the half and never lost control with 23 straight points.
They beat Seattle for the first time with Pete Carroll as coach and Russell Wilson as the quarterback, having lost on the road in each of the last three years to stretch their losing streak to seven. Last season, Mattison was stopped for no gain on fourth-and-1 at the 6-yard line with 1:57 left and the Vikings leading by five points. Wilson drove the Seahawks the other way for the winning touchdown.
Cousins delivered the type of steely performance to defeat a more-decorated peer the Vikings have been lacking in his four seasons. He went 30 for 38 for 323 yards in his third consecutive turnover-free game, and the Vikings converted nine of 14 third downs.
The touchdown passes to Tyler Conklin, Thielen and Justin Jefferson in the first half filled up the highlight reels. The methodical marches after halftime were just as impressive and important. Even better for the Vikings, Greg Joseph bounced back from his 37-yard miss on the game's final play last week at Arizona and made all three of his field goals and all three extra points.
Wilson went 23 for 32 for 298 yards and a touchdown pass to D.K. Metcalf on the first drive, and Chris Carson carried 12 times for 80 yards and a second-quarter score.
Then a 44-yard kick by Jason Myers went wide left, ending his team-record streak of 37 straight field goals made, the fourth-longest in NFL history. The Seahawks never made it past the Minnesota 43-yard line after that. They had 81 total yards after halftime.
The last time the Seahawks played a non-preseason game in Minnesota was the wild-card round in record-setting subzero cold on Jan. 9, 2016, when Blair Walsh missed a 27-yard field goal for the Vikings near the end of Seattle's 10-9 win. This time, sunlight from an 82-degree day streamed in through the open glass doors behind the west end zone.
Seahawks: visit San Francisco next Sunday, their first game against an NFC West foe.
