In the NFL’s most turnover-filled game in more than five seasons, the Dolphins got 244 yards passing and a touchdown throw from surprise starter Jacoby Brissett on the way to beating the Houston Texans 17-9 on Sunday.
The game between two teams that entered with 1-7 records and both on seven-game losing streaks lived up — or down — to its billing. The Dolphins and Texans combined for nine turnovers. Miami had five, Houston four, and somehow the Dolphins (2-7) won anyway.
And then he paused, nearly letting his almost-always-stoic face break into the slightest of smiles before conceding, yet again, 
It was Miami’s first win while committing at least five turnovers since Oct. 18, 1990. The Dolphins had been 0-21 in such games since. And it was the most turnovers in an NFL game since the New York Jets and Kansas City also combined for nine on Sept. 25, 2016.
Houston (1-8) has now dropped eight straight. The Texans became the 12th team in NFL history to start 1-0 and lose their next eight games — a fate that the Dolphins avoided by winning.
Texans quarterback Tyrod Taylor returned after missing most of the season with a hamstring injury and was far from sharp. Taylor completed 24 of 43 passes for 240 yards, with three interceptions.
It added up to a miserable 42.8 rating, after he entered the game with 10 touchdowns and no interceptions in 167 previous throws against the Dolphins.
Brissett filled in again for Tua Tagovailoa, who missed the game with a finger injury on his throwing hand. Tagovailoa had been limited in practice during the week, though Flores said Friday he was optimistic that the second-year QB would be able to play.
Ka’imi Fairbairn had three field goals for Houston.
Jaylen Waddle caught eight passes for 83 yards for Miami, which got a touchdown run from Myles Gaskin and a scoring catch from Mack Hollins.
Tagovailoa was active as Miami’s emergency quarterback, but wound up missing basically his fifth game of the season. Brissett has started four games and played all but two series of Miami’s Week 2 matchup against Buffalo when Tagovailoa left with fractured ribs.
Gaskin took a direct snap 6 yards for the game’s opening touchdown, putting Miami up 7-0 with 4:41 left in the opening quarter.
Jason Sanders’ 42-yard field goal with 1:12 remaining put the Dolphins up 10-6, and then Taylor gave Miami a short field with a careless interception. He was scrambling to his left, got near the Houston sideline and apparently thought he was tossing the ball away.
Instead, he wound up flipping the ball to Dolphins linebacker Jerome Baker, who just happened to be on the same sideline. He got two tippy-toed feet down like a receiver as the ball came his way, and Miami was in business again at the Houston 26.
It took four plays for Brissett to cash in that gift, finding a sliding Hollins with a 5-yard scoring throw and Miami’s biggest halftime lead at home in just over a year — since a 28-10 edge at the break over the Los Angeles Rams on Nov. 1, 2020.
Dolphins: C Greg Mancz (ankle) was lost in the first quarter, then was downgraded to out at halftime. Durham Smythe also missed time with an eye injury.
Mindful of the tragedy in Houston, where eight people died in a crush of fans at a music festival Friday night during a performance by rapper Travis Scott, several members of the Texans expressed condolences for the city and those grieving.  Taylor said.
