KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- — Patrick Mahomes lamented two more turnovers and Chiefs coach Andy Reid a multitude of penalties, and just about everyone that stepped out of the Kansas City locker room vowed to turn around what's been a disappointing season.
Instead, the scuffling Chiefs rallied behind two fourth-quarter field goals from Harrison Butker, including the go-ahead 34-yarder with 1:07 left, and beat downtrodden New York 20-17 to even their record after eight games.
Mahomes threw for 275 yards with a touchdown and an interception for the Chiefs, who along with two turnovers committed 12 penalties for 103 yards. Tyreek Hill had 12 catches for 94 yards and a score, and Mecole Hardman added five catches for 63 yards, including a 24-yard catch-and-run on the final drive that set Butker up for the go-ahead kick.
Daniel Jones had 222 yards passing with two touchdowns and a pick for the Giants (2-6), but he also was sacked three times, including twice after the Chiefs kicked off with just over a minute left in the game.
It was just the fourth win in 15 meetings for the Chiefs and their first since the 2013 season.
The Chiefs actually diced up the Giants on their opening drive, but for the fourth time this season Mahomes had a pass bounce off his intended target for an interception — this time, backup running back Jerick McKinnon. It was the seventh consecutive game Mahomes had thrown a pick and his league-leading 10th of the season.
In fact, the Chiefs turned almost entirely to the ground when they marched for their second touchdown. It was seldom-used Derrick Gore that carried seven times for 43 yards before breaking the goal line for his first career score.
Without running back Saquon Barkley and wide receiver Kenny Golladay, both still sidelined with injuries, Jones was able to lean on Booker and his backup receivers to march 85 yards for an early touchdown — most of it coming when John Ross III beat safety Daniel Sorensen for a 50-yard catch that rendered his pass interference penalty moot.
The Giants added an 86-yard drive later in the first half that produced a field goal. And early in the fourth quarter, Evan Engram beat Sorensen to the pylon for a touchdown catch that gave the Giants a 17-14 lead.
They ground their way to a field goal midway through the fourth quarter. Then, their much-maligned defense held on third down and Giants punter Riley Dixon sent a wobbler out of bounds to give them prime field position.
Mahomes and Co. finished the comeback by putting Butker in position for the go-ahead field goal.
 Chiefs defensive tackle Chris Jones said. 
Chiefs WR Marcus Kemp was evaluated for a concussion in the second quarter. Kemp returned to the game and was soon flagged for making a helmet-to-helmet tackle on Toney as he fielded a punt.
