The questions never stopped. Has recovering from an ACL injury been tougher than expected? Are you going to return to being one of the NFL's top running backs? Why are you gaining fewer yards than expected?
Barkley has carried 115 times for 429 yards and two touchdowns. He has also caught 37 passes for 248 yards and two TDs. In his rookie season in 2018, the former Penn State star ran for 1,307 yards and 11 TDs. He also caught 91 passes for 721 yards and four TDs.
The 24-year-old Barkley tore the ACL and meniscus in his right knee in the second game of the 2020 season. He had surgery a little more than a month later and then spent the next nine months getting ready for training camp and eventually the season. It wasn't decided until days before New York's opener that he would play against Denver, and that would be on a limited basis.
There was rust and it took him a month to shows signs of the Barkley of old. In a road game at New Orleans on Oct. 3, Barkley ran for 52 yards on 13 carries and scored a game-winning TD on a 6-yard run in overtime. The second pick overall in 2018 also had five catches for 74 yards, including a 54-yard touchdown catch.
The following week, the Giants went to Dallas and Barkley was stoked. Running backs coach Burton Burns and then-offensive coordinator Jason Garrett both told him before the game they were expecting big things.
With just over six minutes left in the first quarter, Barkley ran a short pass pattern over the middle and stepped on the foot of Cowboys cornerback Jourdan Lewis. He sprained his left ankle and missed the next four games.
Barkley also took the time to say he loves playing with quarterback Daniel Jones, who was shut down for the season earlier this week with a neck injury.
Game notes WR Kadarius Toney was activated off the COVID-19 list. The rookie wide receiver has not played since Nov. 22 at Tampa Bay. ... Coach Joe Judge said two players on the COVID-19 list, LB Oshane Ximines and DB J.R. Reed, returned to the team facility and worked with trainers. ... RB Gary Brightwell (neck) was limited in practice. He missed practice Wednesday after being hurt Sunday against Dallas.
