EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- — After a final month marred by COVID-19 issues, a fight on the field, a tragic automobile accident involving a passenger in a car driven by a fellow player and a losing streak, the Washington FootballTeam had something to feel good about after its last game.
Antonio Gibson ran for a career-high 146 yards, scored a touchdown and capped his first 1,000-yard rushing season by leading Washington to a 22-7 victory over New York on Sunday in what might have been Dave Gettleman's final game as the Giants' general manager.
Coach Ron Rivera's major regret after Washington (7-10) ended a season that saw his team go from a division champion to an also-ran was the late four-game losing streak. His team was in position to make a playoff run if it could string some wins.
Bobby McCain returned the first of his two interceptions 30 yards for a touchdown, and Joey Slye kicked three field goals for Washington.
Gibson carried the load with his cutback runs on stretch plays. He finished the season with 1,037 yards, highlighted by a game-clinching 18-yard TD after New York got within 12-7 in the fourth quarter on Jake Fromm's first NFL touchdown pass.
Fromm's 22-yard touchdown to Darius Slayton was the only highlight for the Giants (4-13), who finished a miserable second season under Joe Judge with a six-game losing streak.
Slye's field goals of 23 and 43 yards gave Washington a 6-0 halftime lead and McCain's interception return made it 12-0 in the third quarter. Washington failed on a 2-point try.
Fromm's first NFL TD pass got New York within five points early in the fourth quarter, but Washington came right back behind its running game (226 yards) and Gibson.
A year after winning the NFC East with a 7-9 record, Washington's biggest issues in the offseason will be deciding to draft a quarterback or stick with Taylor Heinicke and to hope defensive lineman Chase Young recovers from his ACL injury.
 said Heinicke, who was 9 of 18 for 120 yards. 
The Giants, who last made the playoffs in 2016, have a lot of work — and likely lots of turnover — ahead.
The Giants' offense was so inept, the biggest cheers the unit got were when referee Adrian Hill announced backup tackle Korey Cunningham was reporting as eligible. It happened about a dozen times, and Hill announced it two or three times — which each time got the fans going. New York finished with 177 yards in total offense.
Giants: Face changes after a fifth straight losing season. They have made the playoffs once since winning the Super Bowl in February 2012.
