Justin Simmons and Denver held after a fumble gave Washington the ball back, and the Broncos blocked two field goals on their way to a 17-10 win Sunday that stopped a four-game slide.
Melvin Gordon III caught a touchdown pass and ran for the go-ahead score from 7 yards out with 4:27 remaining. He also fumbled with 21 seconds to go, giving Washington the ball at the Denver 24-yard line.
It looked as if the game was over when Simmons picked off a desperation Heinicke pass in the end zone — he ran it out — with around 37 seconds left. It was Simmons' second interception of the game.
But Gordon's fumble gave Washington one more chance.
The last defensive stand prevented the first winless October for the Broncos (4-4) since 1967. There was talk about what happens if they lose — would coach Vic Fangio have to make changes to his staff? Would there be some deals at the trade deadline?
Dre’Mont Jones and Shelby Harris each blocked a field-goal attempt from Chris Blewitt. Jones got his hand on a 47-yard try in the fourth, and Harris batted down a 45-yarder from Blewitt in the second quarter.
For large chunks of time, it was almost a game of who didn’t want to win — with plenty of missed opportunities, field goals and mistakes. Washington (2-6) failed to convert on a fourth down early in the game, had Bobby McCain drop an interception in his hands and allowed five sacks to a defense missing Von Miller.
Brandon McManus missed a 53-yard field goal for Denver with 10:57 remaining. He was 13 of 13 before pushing his attempt just right.
Gordon energized a sparse crowd on a 15-yard TD catch from Teddy Bridgewater just before halftime. There were an announced 11,755 no-shows on a cool day in the Mile High City. That despite tickets being available for as low as $25.
Washington tied it at 10 late in the third on Heinicke's 20-yard touchdown throw to DeAndre Carter. It was Washington's fourth straight loss.
Those missed field goals ended up haunting Washington.
The biggest cheer of the afternoon was for Hall of Fame QB Peyton Manning, who was inducted into Denver's Ring of Fame at halftime. Manning even removed his orange jacket and put on his No. 18 jersey one last time. He lofted a perfect 30-yard-ish strike to friend and receiver Brandon Stokley in the end zone.
Bridgewater was helped by the return of receiver Jerry Jeudy (ankle) and tight end Albert Okwuegbunam (hamstring). Jeudy had four catches for 39 yards, including a big grab on the go-ahead drive.
Miller was sidelined by an ankle injury. The team’s career sacks leader walked the sideline.
