GLENDALE, Ariz. -- — The Philadelphia Eagles are still the NFL's only undefeated team, winning their fifth game in a row thanks to a whole lot of grit and a bit of good fortune.
Jalen Hurts ran for a pair of 1-yard touchdowns and the Eagles held on for a 20-17 victory over Arizona on Sunday after Matt Ammendola's late field-goal attempt for the Cardinals sailed wide right.
The Cardinals never led, but looked as if they would push the game into overtime until Ammendola missed the 43-yarder. The kick looked good for a split second but then veered hard to the right and outside the uprights. Ammendola was elevated to the active roster because of a hip injury to starter Matt Prater.
Arizona quarterback Kyler Murray sild just short of a first down on a second-down run during the final drive, then spiked the ball on third down to force Ammendola’s attempt with 22 seconds left. Coach Kliff Kingsbury said he believed Murray had gained a first down on the run, but once he realized it was third down, he still decided spiking the ball was the best option.
Philadelphia scored the go-ahead field goal on a grinding 17-play, 70-yard drive that lasted nearly eight minutes. Hurts extended the drive twice with 1-yard runs up the middle on third down, getting a great push from his offensive line for enough room to dive forward.
Cameron Dicker — who was playing in place of the injured Jake Elliott — easily made the 23-yard field goal with 1:42 remaining. Philadelphia's defense kept Arizona's offense out of the end zone on the final drive and then ran off the field celebrating when Ammendola's kick missed.
Hurts completed 26 of 36 passes for 239 yards. He also ran for 61 yards and kept the Eagles' offense in good position, switching a few plays at the line of scrimmage. The biggest audible came on the final drive, when he switched plays and hit tight end Dallas Goedert on 3rd-and-12 for a 16-yard gain.
The Eagles held Murray mostly in check, limiting him to just 28 of 42 passing for 250 yards, one touchdown and one interception.
The Eagles had their 14-0 lead sliced to 14-10 by halftime on Matt Ammendola's 20-yard field goal as time expired in the second quarter. The Cardinals kept the drive alive with a fake punt, snapping the ball directly to Williams, who ran seven yards for the first down.
Hurts pushed the pile for a 1-yard touchdown and a 7-0 lead midway through the first quarter. The quarterback was 5 of 7 for 56 yards during the 64-yard drive as the Eagles methodically moved downfield.
He scored his second touchdown in the second quarter on another 1-yard run for a 14-0 advantage.
The Cardinals eventually fought back, with Marquise Brown shaking off several would-be tacklers on a 25-yard touchdown that cut the deficit to 14-7.
The Cardinals have not scored in the first quarter this season, fighting from behind in all five games. They also have lost all three home games, while winning both games on the road.
Eagles: Philadelphia's inactives included K Jake Elliott (ankle) and left tackle Jordan Mailata (shoulder). ... LG Landon Dickerson (leg) left the game in the first quarter.
