EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. -- — Jared Goff and the Detroit Lions were stymied for most of the game, unable to get much going against the New York Jets.
Goff threw a go-ahead 51-yard touchdown pass to Brock Wright on fourth-and-1 with 1:49 remaining, and the Lions held on for a 20-17 victory over Zach Wilson and the Jets on Sunday that kept them on pace in the NFC playoff hunt.
 said Goff, who went 23 of 38 for 252 yards. 
Coming out of the two-minute warning with Detroit (7-7) trailing 17-13, Goff looked to his left and found Wright wide open, and the tight end rumbled untouched until he reached the end zone. Defensive tackle Sheldon Rankins said the Jets thought Goff would sneak it.
And it came a few moments after Wright dropped a pass.
That's what the Lions, who entered fourth in overall offense after scoring 74 points and rolling up 902 yards in their previous two wins, have been doing as winners of three straight and six of seven after a dismal 1-6 start.
Wilson — who had an up-and-down return as the starting quarterback — and the Jets had one more chance to tie or win.
On fourth-and-the game from the Jets 40, Wilson rolled to his right and completed a 20-yard pass to Elijah Moore for a first down. Coach Robert Saleh then called a timeout with 1 second remaining.
The Jets (7-7) sent out Greg Zuerlein for a potential tying 58-yard field goal, but his kick went wide left — further damaging the playoff hopes for New York, which is looking to snap an 11-year postseason drought.
The loss came after it appeared New York was on its way to a comeback win of its own.
After Michael Badgley was short on a 54-yard field-goal attempt that would have extended Detroit’s lead, Wilson threw a go-ahead 1-yard touchdown pass to C.J. Uzomah with 4:41 remaining.
Wilson, starting after being benched for three games, finished 18 of 35 for 317 yards with two touchdown throws to Uzomah — and an interception. Wilson played in place of the injured Mike White, who's dealing with fractured ribs.
Saleh declined to say whether Wilson would start the Jets' next game Thursday night against Jacksonville.
After a solid first two quarters, Wilson floated a pass early in the third to Moore that Jerry Jacobs easily picked off and returned 38 yards to the Jets 15.
But New York held Detroit out of the end zone and the Lions settled for a go-ahead 34-yarder by Badgley.
After Wilson and the Jets went three-and-out on their first possession of the game, Kalif Raymond caught Braden Mann's punt out of the end zone, eluded a few would-be tacklers — including a diving Mann — and raced 47 yards to the end zone to give the Lions a 7-0 lead.
The Jets tied it at 7 early in the second quarter when Wilson rolled left and threw deep right — reminiscent of his highlight-reel pro day toss while he was at BYU — to Uzomah for a 40-yard touchdown.
The family of the late Dennis Byrd served as honorary Jets captains for the coin toss. Byrd played for the team from 1989 until 1992, when he was paralyzed during a collision with a teammate during a game. Byrd eventually walked again, but was killed in a car accident in Oklahoma in 2016.
