Andy Dalton and Hill combined to throw three touchdown passes to Johnson and Shaheed, and New Orleans beat Atlanta 21-18 on Sunday in the debut of Falcons rookie quarterback Desmond Ridder.
Johnson, converted from receiver to tight end after being undrafted out of Oregon in 2020, had a career-high 67 yards receiving and caught both of Dalton's scoring passes. Hill, a utility player who's listed as a tight end, threw his second touchdown pass of the season on a 68-yard connection with Shaheed, who also was undrafted.
Johnson has a team-high seven TDs receiving. He and Shaheed, who has three TDs longer than 40 yards, have taken advantage of opportunities to complement more prominent offensive players like Chris Olave and Alvin Kamara.
Dalton drew laughter when he deadpanned that Shaheed, who had no official 40-yard time as a prospect out of Weber State, 
Atlanta was down by a field goal and threatening to score with less than three minutes remaining when Ridder hit Drake London over the middle for first-down yardage on fourth-and-5. But safety Justin Evans punched the ball from London's grasp, and cornerback Bradley Robey snagged it out of the air to give New Orleans the ball on its own 39.
The Saints kept the ball until failing to convert on fourth-and-short in Atlanta territory with 9 seconds left, and the game ended on Ridder's scramble two plays later.
Ridder completed 13 of 26 passes for 97 yards without an interception.
Rookie running back Tyler Allgeier helped the Falcons sustain drives with 139 yards and a touchdown on 17 carries.
The Saints led 14-0 after two possessions, scoring first when Johnson turned Dalton's short pass into a 19-yard TD by spinning through tackle attempts and diving for the goal line.
Hill's deep throw down the middle to Shaheed came on the next series.
The Falcons cut it to 14-3 after stalling inside the New Orleans 10 and closed to 14-10 on Allgeier's 5-yard run in the third quarter.
Johnson's 22-yard TD catch from Dalton widened New Orleans' lead to 21-10. But Atlanta closed to 21-18 on Cordarrelle Patterson's 3-yard run and Allgeier's 2-point conversion on a run with four minutes remaining.
