PHILADELPHIA -- — Jalen Hurts held a clipboard, wore a headset and paced the sideline with the same the look of consternation on his face as furious Philly fans in the stands as their stress tightened in another Eagles loss without the franchise quarterback.
That's bit of a reason to exhale after the Eagles lost their second straight without Hurts, putting their hopes of securing the NFC's top seed in jeopardy. Marshon Lattimore returned an interception 11 yards for a late touchdown, and the New Orleans Saints beat Philadelphia 20-10 on Sunday.
The Eagles need to beat the New York Giants next week to secure the top seed. A loss by Philly and a win by Dallas would give the Cowboys the NFC East title. Hurts is recuperating from a sprained right shoulder.
The Giants can rest their starters after clinching a playoff berth with a 38-10 win over Indianapolis. The Eagles can't rest easy at the thought of a third straight start by backup QB Gardner Minshew.
The Saints (7-9) won their third straight game, an impressive late-season run under first-year coach Dennis Allen, but were later eliminated from playoff contention when Green Bay beat Minnesota. Taysom Hill had a 1-yard TD run in New Orleans’ surprising first half. Cameron Jordan had three sacks and set the Saints' career record with 115 1/2.
Andy Dalton, who threw for 204 yards, completed his first 13 passes, including a 58-yard reception by Rashid Shaheed. That play set up one of two field goals by Wil Lutz in the first half that gave the Saints a 13-0 lead.
Minshew had a pass intercepted by Lattimore, who had missed 10 straight games with an abdominal injury, late in the fourth. The backup QB finished 18 of 32 passing for 274 yards, one touchdown and one interception in his second straight start and showed no signs he could ably lead the Eagles on a postseason run should Hurts get hurt again.
Minshew connected with A.J. Brown for a 78-yard touchdown late in the third that made it 13-10 and temporarily woke up the crowd — which had voraciously booed the Eagles most of the game — and an inept offense. But Minshew failed to convert on a fourth-down dive late in the fourth that cost his team as much as his late pick.
The Eagles hadn’t allowed more than four sacks in a game this season but — playing without injured right tackle Lane Johnson — allowed five in the first half. The Eagles didn't convert a first down until there were 12 seconds left in the half.
Even the play-calling was questionable. Instead of trying to help their backup QB by leaning a bit more on 1,000-yard rusher Miles Sanders, the Eagles gave him only two carries in the half.
Hurts seemingly solidified his MVP credentials without taking a snap. He most likely won’t win the award now, but the Eagles are significantly worse without the QB who tied a franchise record with 35 total touchdowns.
Jake Elliott kicked a 56-yard field goal for the Eagles.
The Eagles sacked Dalton seven times, their fifth consecutive game with six or more sacks — the longest streak by any team in the Super Bowl era.
They also became the first team to have four players with 10-plus sacks in a single season (Haason Reddick, Josh Sweat, Javon Hargrave and Brandon Graham) since individual sacks were first recorded in 1982.
Eagles: Sweat suffered a neck injury while trying to make a tackle but had movement in all his extremities. The Eagles said Sweat was taken to a hospital as a precaution. The defensive end, who has 11 sacks this season, pounded the ground with his hands before he was removed from the field on a stretcher in the first quarter.
The Saints finish at home against Carolina next Sunday, with both teams playing only for pride.
