LANDOVER, Md. -- — After running all over the Atlanta Falcons in what has become their offensive identity, the Washington Commanders got one last crucial play from their stout defense to preserve another important victory.
Kendall Fuller intercepted Marcus Mariota in the end zone with 58 seconds left after the pass was tipped by Daron Payne, and the Commanders beat the Atlanta Falcons 19-13 Sunday for their sixth win in seven games.
 said Taylor Heinicke, who threw for two touchdowns and improved to 5-1 since replacing Carson Wentz as the starting quarterback. 
Fuller, who had a pick-6 last week at Houston, credited Payne with making this interception happen.
Payne started running off the field after Fuller caught Mariota's pass figuring the game was over. The Falcons would have gotten the ball back, but Ade Ogundeji ran into Commanders punter Tress Way with 32 seconds left to send Washington to its best record through 12 games since 2008.
Rivera said the rainy weather didn't change his team's approach. Playing to each team's strength on offense regardless of the weather, the Commanders and Falcons were content to keep the ball on the ground and take some shots throwing it.
Washington ran 37 times for 176 yards to Atlanta's 29 for 167 — using five different ball carriers.
No one got it more for the Commanders (7-5) than rookie Brian Robinson Jr, who ran 18 times for a career-high 105 yards and averaged 5.8 yards an attempt three months after being shot twice in an attempted armed robbery. He also caught Heinicke's first TD pass, getting into the end zone on a 14-yard play by bulldozing cornerback Darren Hall.
Heinicke also found tight end John Bates in the end zone for a 16-yard TD and finished 14 of 23 for 138 yards with an interception.
While the Commanders bolstered their hopes of earning an NFC wild-card playoff spot, Atlanta (5-7) has now lost three of four despite surpassing 100 yards on the ground for the 10th consecutive game.
 said Mariota, who was 15 of 25 for 174 yards and a 4-yard TD pass to MyCole Pruitt. 
