NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- — Brian Daboll promised his New York Giants he wouldn't coach scared and knew the play he'd call for a 2-point conversion even though it had only worked sporadically during training camp.
Daniel Jones hit Chris Myarick for a 1-yard touchdown pass, then found Saquon Barkley on a shovel pass for the 2-point conversion with 1:06 left, giving the Giants a 21-20 win over the Tennessee Titans on Sunday and making Daboll a winner in his coaching debut.
Daboll didn't hesitate to keep his offense on the field for the 2-point conversion, which snapped the Giants' skid of five straight losses in season openers. Barkley gave Daboll and new general manager Joe Schoen a game ball apiece in the locker room.
Barkley, who averaged 9.1 yards per play, called the game ball  The running back was pumped when he saw Daboll put up the sign for the 2-point conversion.
The Titans, the AFC's No. 1 seed with a 12-5 record a year ago, had a chance to win as time expired.
But Randy Bullock pushed a 47-yard field goal wide left after making two field goals earlier against one of his former teams. Bullock played one game with the Giants in 2016 and made three game-winning kicks last year for Tennessee.
 said Tennessee's Ryan Tannehill, who threw for 266 yards and two TDs. 
Barkley ran for 164 yards and a 4-yard TD, his best game since Dec. 22, 2019, after topping 100 yards rushing only once in 13 games last season. He got the Giants going with a 68-yard run to set up his TD.
The Giants forced the Titans to go three-and-out on the next drive. Jones found Sterling Shepard wide open for a 65-yard TD with Tennessee cornerback Kristian Fulton beaten badly on the catch-and-run, tying it up at 13 midway through the third quarter.
Jones finished with 188 yards passing and two touchdowns and was glad to see a vintage performance from Barkley.
Tennessee answered with its longest drive to take the lead back. Tannehill capped the 75-yard march with a 23-yard TD pass to Dontrell Hilliard, his second score of the game, for a 20-13 lead late in the third quarter.
The Giants had a chance to keep it from going to the final seconds. They wound up outgaining Tennessee 394-359 in total offense despite being held to 133 yards in the first half.
Titans rookie Kyle Philips muffed a punt on a fair catch, putting the Giants at the Tennessee 11. But Titans safety Amani Hooker intercepted Jones' pass in the end zone with 8:50 left after the quarterback stared down Barkley. Hooker signed a contract extension Friday.
The Giants' longest rushing play last season was a 46-yard run by Barkley, and the longest pass play was a 60-yarder to tight end Kyle Rudolph. The Giants had six plays longer than 15 yards.
Giants rookie receiver Wan’Dale Robinson hurt a knee in the first half and didn’t return. He had one catch for 5 yards.
Titans left tackle Taylor Lewan limped into the medical tent after the first offensive play of the third quarter, but he returned for the next series. ... The Titans lost safety A.J. Moore late in the first quarter to an injured ankle. He limped to the sideline following a Giants punt return. ... OLB and special teams captain Ola Adeniyi hurt his shoulder late in the first half but returned.
