Ryan has never been known for his swift feet, but his career-best, 39-yard scramble to convert a third-and-3 in the fourth quarter led to his winning touchdown pass two plays later.
He completed a 35-yard pass to Parris Campbell with 5:07 left Sunday to give the Colts a 25-20 victory over the Las Vegas Raiders and Saturday — an ESPN analyst just a week ago — his first victory as the interim coach.
Then Ryan, who completed 21 of 28 passes for 222 yards, justified that decision in leading the Colts (4-5-1) to the victory.
Ryan also benefited from a strong running game led by Jonathan Taylor, who rushed for 147 yards, including a 66-yard touchdown. It was Taylor’s first 100-yard game since the season opener against the Houston Texans, when he rushed for 161 yards.
The Raiders, however, led 20-19 when the Colts faced a third-and-3 in the fourth quarter. Ryan dropped back to pass, but the Raiders covered his options to the left where the Indianapolis receivers ran their routes. He then saw the right side wide open, and Ryan took off for Las Vegas' 36-yard line.
Two plays later, Ryan found Campbell for the winning TD.
The Raiders then drove to Indianapolis' 16, but two defensive plays turned away Las Vegas. On third down, linebacker Bobby Okereke broke up a pass in the end zone that was in the hands of tight end Foster Moreau. Then cornerback Stephon Gilmore knocked away a pass for Davante Adams that secured the victory for the Colts and set off a celebration on their sideline.
Two weeks ago, Saturday in his analyst role tweeted that the  during their 24-0 loss to the New Orleans Saints, and those words clearly didn’t come back to bite him.
Adams was instrumental in helping the Raiders repeatedly rally in the second half, in which the lead changed four times. He caught six passes for 102 yards and a touchdown in the final 30 minutes, giving him nine receptions for 126 yards for the game.
Derek Carr completed 24 of 38 passes for 248 yards and two TDs.
The Raiders lost their third game in a row, and were booed off the field, with all three defeats coming to teams with losing records. This latest loss figures to increase scrutiny on first-year coach Josh McDaniels, who took over a team that made the playoffs last season, but is 2-7 .
