Goff had a 41-yard pass to rookie Jameson Williams and a 48-yard pass to DJ Chark for two of his three touchdown throws in the first half, leading the surging Lions to a 34-23 win over the NFC North-leading Minnesota Vikings on Sunday.
The Vikings (10-3) needed a win or tie to clinch the division title. Kirk Cousins threw for 425 yards, including a franchise-record 223 to Justin Jefferson on 11 catches. But Dalvin Cook ran for just 23 yards on 15 carries, and Minnesota couldn’t stop Goff.
 said Goff, who was 27 of 39 for 330 yards. 
Chark finished with a season-high six catches and 94 yards, showing what he can do after he was limited to playing four games in Jacksonville last year because of a broken ankle.
Minnesota’s passing game did its part, but Cook struggled behind a banged-up line.
Cousins was 30-of-40 passing with touchdowns to K.J. Osborn and Adam Thielen, and Jefferson broke the team's receiving yards mark set by Sammy White in 1976 against Detroit.
Cook's 1.5-yard average was his lowest in a game with at least 10 carries in his six-year career. On the opening possession, Cook was stopped on a fourth-and-1 near midfield in a preview of what was to come. He also fumbled at the Detroit 6 late in the first half.
Goff gave Detroit a two-touchdown lead in the third quarter with a 5-yard pass to Josh Reynolds after Campbell called a fake punt from his 26.
On another play that fooled Minnesota, Goff converted third-and-7 from the Minnesota 41 with a 9-yard pass to offensive tackle Penei Sewell. He was an eligible receiver sent in motion and his catch set up Michael Badgley's field goal with 17 seconds left.
Vikings: Starting FS Harrison Smith (neck), C Garrett Bradbury (back), OT Christian Darrisaw (concussion) were inactive. ... The banged-up offensive line took another hit in the fourth quarter when Blake Brandel left with a knee injury. ... LB Jordan Hicks (left foot) and CB Kris Boyd (knee contusion) were also injured during the game. ... CB Cameron Dantzler (ankle) returned from a four-game absence on IR and seemed to get beat deep on Detroit’s touchdown passes in the first half.
