INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- — Whenever Geno Smith looked across the line in the final minutes at SoFi Stadium, he saw an inspired Bobby Wagner leading an entire Los Angeles Rams team desperately in need of a victory.
DK Metcalf caught an 8-yard touchdown pass from Smith with 36 seconds to play, completing the Seahawks' late rally for a 27-23 win over the spiraling Rams on Sunday.
Smith passed for a career-high 367 yards and threw three TD passes for the Seahawks (7-5), who barely snapped their two-game skid. Smith's offense racked up 438 yards against a Rams defense missing Aaron Donald, but it almost wasn't enough until Smith found Metcalf in a tight window between defenders in the end zone.
While Russell Wilson founders in Denver, the quarterback who replaced him in Seattle is putting together an increasingly remarkable year, which now includes a career-high 3,169 yards passing.
After Cam Akers’ second TD run put the Rams up 23-20 with 2:56 to play, Smith patiently directed the winning 75-yard drive, hitting Marquise Goodwin for 17 yards one play before finding Metcalf.
Tyler Lockett and Noah Fant caught early TD passes from Smith. Metcalf had eight catches for 127 yards, and Lockett had nine receptions for a season-high 128 yards as the Seahawks sent defending Super Bowl champion Los Angeles (3-9) to its sixth straight defeat.
Wagner had two sacks and an interception for the Rams in his first career game against Seattle, where he spent the previous 10 years and made six All-Pro teams while becoming one of the greatest linebackers of his generation. Although Wagner downplayed the matchup during the week, he played with a fire that nearly propelled the injury-depleted Super Bowl champions to their first victory since Oct. 16.
 said Wagner, who ripped the ball out of Tony Jones Jr.’s hands for his first interception with LA late in the third quarter. 
John Wolford passed for 178 yards with no touchdowns and two interceptions for the Rams, who are ensured their first losing season in coach Sean McVay's six-year tenure. Los Angeles hasn't won a game since Oct. 16.
Donald, the seven-time All-Pro defensive tackle, also missed the first game of his nine-year Rams career due to injury, sitting out with a high ankle sprain. He joined a dizzying list of contributors with major injury problems for Los Angeles, including All-Pro receiver Cooper Kupp and several key players on an offensive line that used its 12th starting combination in 12 games.
After Jason Myers' second field goal made it 20-16 with 6:46 left, the Rams went 75 yards in 3:50 for a score on a strong 6-yard run by Akers. Wolford didn’t regret taking the lead with more than enough time left for Smith to beat them.
