That may be beyond Watt's control. Something far more attainable is the formula the Steelers rediscovered against New Orleans, one they hope could serve as the foundation of a second-half push.
Kenny Pickett and George Pickens ran for 1-yard touchdowns and Pittsburgh's rejuvenated defense — the one with Watt's No. 90 once again a blur coming off the edge — shut down the Saints late in a 20-10 victory that provided fuel to Watt's belief there is still time for the Steelers to make something out of 2022.
 said Watt, who had four tackles and a quarterback hit. 
Any path Pittsburgh (3-6) navigates to be a factor down the stretch surely relies on Watt's presence. The Steelers' win over New Orleans (3-7) looked a bit like their Week 1 upset in Cincinnati, when the defense produced sacks and turnovers with startling regularity.
Then Watt went down and things quickly went sideways. Pittsburgh's performance against the sputtering Saints felt like a welcome return to normalcy.
 said outside linebacker Alex Highsmith, whose two sacks boosted his season total to 8 1/2. 
It wasn't just the defense that rediscovered its identity. Pittsburgh ran for a season-best 217 yards — including 99 by Najee Harris and 51 by Pickett — and didn’t turn it over for the third time this season. The Steelers are 3-0 in those games.
Pickett completed 18 of 30 passes for 199 yards without an interception. He also shook off a tweaked left ankle to convert a couple of late quarterback sneaks, including a 1-yard dive with 8:40 to play that gave the Steelers a 10-point lead the defense made sure was more than enough.
Andy Dalton connected on 17 of 27 for 174 yards with a touchdown and two late picks. The first, a deflection snared by recently activated Steelers safety Damontae Kazee, set up Pickett's touchdown run. The second — which came one series after Dalton was stuffed on a botched fourth-down quarterback sneak — allowed the Steelers to seal it.
 said Dalton, who fell to 3-14 in his career against Pittsburgh. 
The Saints largely beat themselves. Though the defense sacked Pickett six times, it also committed six penalties that gave the Steelers a first down, including a pass interference call against Paulson Adebo in the end zone that set up Pickett's score. New Orleans was flagged 10 times for 74 yards in all.
Kazee, making his first start with the Steelers, filled in and effectively turned the game for good with his 13th career interception.
Steelers: LB Myles Jack, Pittsburgh's leading tackler, suited up but did not play due to a knee injury.
