SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- — The Miami Dolphins hit San Francisco's vaunted defense with a 75-yard haymaker on the opening play and then watched 49ers quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo leave with a season-ending foot injury.
Everything was set up for another win for the streaking Dolphins, but backup quarterback Brock Purdy and the Niners had other ideas.
Purdy threw two touchdown passes after replacing Garoppolo and San Francisco used another dominant defensive performance to beat Miami 33-17 on Sunday for its fifth straight win.
Tua Tagovailoa threw a 75-yard touchdown pass to Trent Sherfield on the opening play from scrimmage but struggled to do much else behind a patchwork line for Miami (8-4) against Nick Bosa and the Niners' defense.
Tagovailoa, who came into the game with three interceptions on the season, threw two in the third quarter to Jimmie Ward and Deommodore Lenoir to lead to a pair of field goals for the 49ers (8-4).
The 49ers had their four-game, second-half shutout streak snapped when Tagovailoa threw a 45-yard TD pass to Tyreek Hill in the opening minute of the fourth quarter but held on from there. They capped the performance with a strip-sack from Bosa that Dre Greenlaw returned for a 23-yard score.
Bosa finished with three sacks, taking advantage of a line missing starting tackles Terron Armstead and Austin Jackson.
The Dolphins had their five-game winning streak snapped in coach McDaniel's first game against the 49ers after spending the past five years as an assistant in San Francisco.
Purdy, dubbed  as the last pick of this year's NFL draft, proved to be quite important to the 49ers when Garoppolo broke his left foot on a sack on the final play of the opening drive.
Garoppolo was taken to the locker room on a cart and didn't return, leaving the game in the hands of Purdy, who had thrown his only nine passes in mop-up duty of a Week 7 loss to Kansas City.
Purdy capped his first drive of the game by throwing a 3-yard TD pass to Kyle Juszczyk to give San Francisco a 10-7 lead.
He then led a well-executed two-minute drive at the end of the half, completing six passes for 75 yards with a 3-yard TD to Christian McCaffrey with 4 seconds left in the half to make it 17-10.
Purdy finished 25 for 37 for 210 yards, two TDs and one interception.
Shanahan won two challenges in the fourth quarter to overturn completed passes by Miami. The second came on a fourth-and-2 play with the Niners leading by six with about six minutes left.
The Niners held the ball for nearly four minutes and made it a two-score game when Robbie Gould kicked a 48-yard field goal, his fourth of the day.
The Dolphins wasted little time showing off their speed when Tagovailoa connected on the long touchdown to Sherfield on the first play from scrimmage.
It marked the first time a team scored on the first play after the opening kick since the Niners did it in Week 2 of the 2020 season against the Jets with an 80-yard run by Raheem Mostert.
The touchdown ended a scoreless streak of more than 94 minutes for the 49ers, who hadn't allowed a point since the second quarter against Arizona two weeks ago.
Miami hadn't scored a TD on the first play from scrimmage following the opening kick since the final game of the 2004 season when Sage Rosenfels threw a 76-yard pass to Chris Chambers against Baltimore.
