White threw three touchdown passes, including two to Garrett Wilson, in his first start since last season in place of a benched Zach Wilson and the Jets rolled over the banged-up Chicago Bears 31-10 on Sunday.
White sparked the Jets (7-4) to a season-high 466 yards in the rain, going 22 of 28 for 315 yards while running the offense efficiently and effectively.
White became the fifth player in NFL history to have multiple games with 300 yards passing and three TD passes in his first four career starts. He joined Patrick Mahomes, Austin Davis, Kurt Warner and Mark Rypien to accomplish the feat.
Elijah Moore, who requested a trade earlier this season because of a lack of opportunities, caught his first touchdown pass of the season. Ty Johnson had a 32-yard TD run for the Jets, who bounced back from a 10-3 loss at New England.
White already made it into the Pro Football Hall of Fame last year when his jersey and game ball were displayed after his 37 completions in his debut were the most in NFL history in a player's first start.
But both Siemian and Peterman threw on the sideline, and the Bears opted to go with Siemian after all. Siemian, who said the injury bothered him a bit, was 14 of 25 for 179 yards with a touchdown and an interception.
White marched the Jets downfield and capped the opening drive with an 8-yard touchdown pass to Garrett Wilson to give New York an early 7-0 lead. It was the Jets' first touchdown this season on an opening drive.
After Cairo Santos' 22-yard field goal cut the deficit to 7-3, Siemian threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to Byron Pringle.
After holder Braden Mann fumbled the snap on Greg Zuerlein's potential tying 36-yard field goal, White and the offense got back into the end zone when Wilson spun and juked Kindle Vildor before racing for a 54-yard touchdown that put New York up 14-10.
With 12 seconds left before halftime and Mann wearing gloves this time, Zuerlein booted a 57-yarder through the rain — the longest field goal at home in franchise history, tying the overall mark for any game he already shared with Chandler Catanzaro.
Moore's 22-yard TD catch and Johnson's tackle-shedding 32-yard scoring run made it 31-10 late in the third quarter.
C.J. Mosley's interception of Siemian with 5:04 left sealed it for the Jets, who snapped a five-game skid against the Bears.
Revis, a semifinalist for the Pro Football Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility, was one of the NFL’s top shutdown cornerbacks in his prime. Revis played for the Jets from 2007-12 and 2015-16.
