ARLINGTON, Texas -- — Dak Prescott kept his legs churning to turn a quarterback sneak into a 25-yard gain.
Parsons got up and rumbled to the end zone on a fumble return for his first NFL touchdown after Chicago quarterback Justin Fields failed to touch him down, and the Cowboys beat the Bears 49-29 on Sunday.
Prescott threw for two touchdowns and ran for another score, and Tony Pollard had 131 yards rushing and a career-best three touchdowns with Ezekiel Elliott sidelined by a right knee injury.
David Montgomery fumbled in the open field after a catch in the third quarter, and Parsons fell on the loose ball. Instead of touching Parsons down, Fields jumped over him.
Parsons got up, took off when he heard that  signal, stumbled toward the goal line and rolled over in the end zone on the 36-yard return.
The Cowboys (6-2) scored touchdowns on their first four possessions for the first time since 2014, two years before Prescott and Elliott arrived as dynamic rookies leading the team to the top seed in the NFC.
Prescott opened the scoring with a 7-yard run on a nifty play design by offensive coordinator Kellen Moore. Prescott's two TD passes, including one to CeeDee Lamb, came on either side of Pollard's first score.
Fields threw for two touchdowns and ran for a score. His 10-yard toss to Cole Kmet got Chicago back within 13 after his gaffe on Parsons put Dallas up 42-23.
Pollard answered with a 54-yard touchdown on his final carry to get the lead back to 20 and keep the Bears from rallying despite their fourth 200-yard rushing game of the season (240).
 said Pollard who tied his career high in yards and carries (14) while averaging 9.4 yards per carry. 
Khalil Herbert, who had what appeared to be a third-quarter fumble overturned on review to help Chicago to stay close, finished with 99 yards and a TD. Fields added 60 and Montgomery 53.
Prescott was 21 of 27 for 250 yards with an interception in his second game back after missing five with a fractured right thumb.
The 25-yard sneak, which led to the third Dallas TD, boosted Prescott to 34 yards with just the second rushing score since the start of 2021 for the franchise leader in rushing touchdowns for a QB (26).
Dallas was 30th in the NFL in third down conversions before getting the first six on the four TD drives to start the game. The Cowboys finished 9 of 11 on third down and had by far their best yardage total (442).
The Chicago QB was 17 of 23 without an interception (one was negated by a roughing-the-passer penalty) for a career-best 120 passer rating. Both of the 100-plus ratings of his career have come in the past four games.
Malik Davis appeared to have an 11-yard touchdown catch in the undrafted rookie running back's NFL debut for the Cowboys. It was overturned on review, and Prescott's second TD pass was a 1-yarder to tight end Jake Ferguson instead. Ferguson and Dalton Schultz followed with quite the roping celebration.
