That decision didn't work out so well on Sunday. Garoppolo threw for 253 yards and two touchdowns, Emmanuel Moseley intercepted Mayfield and returned it 41 yards for a score, and the San Francisco 49ers beat Carolina 37-15, handing the Panthers their 10th loss in 11 games.
Jeff Wilson ran for 120 yards and a touchdown and Tevin Coleman provided a boost, scoring twice for the 49ers (3-2) after being elevated to the active roster earlier in the week.
The win did not come without cost.
Shanahan said the 49ers are concerned Moseley might have torn his ACL in the fourth quarter. Also, pass rusher Nick Bosa left the game early with a tightness in his groin, safety Jimmie Ward broke his hand and kicker Robbie Gould suffered a knee contusion.
Mayfield arrived for his postgame news conference with his left foot in a walking boot and will have an MRI on his ankle on Monday. With Sam Darnold out at least a few more weeks, P.J. Walker would likely get the start next week against the Los Angeles Rams if Mayfield is out.
The 49ers flustered the 2018 No. 1 overall pick despite losing Bosa in the first half to injury. Mayfield finished 20 of 36 passes for 215 yards and has as many interceptions (four) as touchdown passes since his arrival in Carolina.
Christian McCaffrey had 104 yards from scrimmage and a touchdown for the Panthers.
The Niners' defense buried Carolina early. The Panthers trailed 10-3 late in the the second quarter and appeared to gain some some life after Yetur Gross-Matos blocked Gould's field-goal try.
But on the ensuing possession, Mayfield badly overthrew McCaffrey and Moseley went to his knees to make the interception, got up and raced to the end zone to give the 49ers a 17-3 lead with 55 seconds left in the first half.
Carolina got within 17-9 on a 19-yard TD run by McCaffrey early in the third quarter, but the Niners answered with a 4-yard touchdown pass from Garoppolo to Deebo Samuel and a 1-yard TD run by Wilson.
Coleman, who had four touchdowns for the 49ers in a 51-13 win over Carolina in 2019, was a big factor early. He scored on a 9-yard screen pass before outjumping a Carolina defender to haul in 30-yard reception, leading to a Gould’s 49-yard field goal.
He finished with 67 yards from scrimmage, caught a touchdown and ran for another.
