All the way to a blowout win — and against an AFC East rival, at that.
Michael Carter had a pair of 1-yard touchdown runs after big catch-and-run plays by Breece Hall, helping New York stop a 12-game skid against division opponents.
 quarterback Zach Wilson said. "We’re expecting to come in here and win ... and be shocked when we don’t.
Wilson, Hall and Braxton Berrios also rushed for scores, sending the Jets to their first 3-2 start since 2017. It was the franchise's first win against a division rival since topping Buffalo in Week 17 of the 2019 season.
 said Hall, who finished with 97 yards on 18 carries and 100 yards receiving on two catches. 
The Dolphins announced Bridgewater injured an elbow and was examined for a concussion before being ruled out under the NFL's new concussion protocol. Coach Mike McDaniel said Bridgewater doesn’t have any concussion symptoms and passed tests, but a spotter saw Bridgewater stumble — so he was removed from the game.
Bridgewater was replaced by rookie Skylar Thompson, who was 19 of 33 for 166 yards and an interception in his NFL debut.
Raheem Mostert had 113 yards rushing and a TD for Miami, which dropped its second in a row after a 3-0 start.
Bridgewater started after Tagovailoa suffered a concussion Sept. 29 at Cincinnati. That came four days after Tagovailoa took a big hit against Buffalo that caused him to appear disoriented afterward and he stumbled as he tried to get to his feet, but later returned after clearing the NFL’s concussion protocol.
On Saturday, the NFL and NFL Players Association agreed to make changes to the league’s concussion protocol following a joint investigation into the procedures after the back injury Tagovailoa suffered.
Wilson hit a wide-open Hall on the final play of the first quarter, and the rookie running back went 79 yards — carrying a few defenders along the way — before being taken down at the 1.
Thompson and the Dolphins followed with an eight-play, 75-yard drive that was capped by Mostert's 12-yard run.
After Gardner's first NFL interception gave the Jets the ball near midfield, New York increased its lead to 19-7 on Wilson's 5-yard run.
The Dolphins made it a two-point game early in the second half after tight end Durham Smythe's 1-yard touchdown run, and Jason Sanders' 46-yard field goal.
Miami had a chance to take the lead, but Sanders was wide right on a 54-yard attempt early in the fourth quarter.
After a 21-yard catch-and-run by Hall got the ball to the 1, Carter ran it in to make it 26-17.
A strip-sack by Carl Lawson was recovered by Quinnen Williams, and Hall's 5-yard run increased the Jets' lead.
Berrios capped the win with a 15-yard run for a score that made it 40-17 with 4:24 left.
Jets offensive lineman Alijah Vera-Tucker started for the first time at right tackle, a week after making his first career start at left tackle. The 2021 first-rounder started earlier this season at right guard after spending his rookie year at left guard.
