DENVER -- — Justin Simmons never paid much attention to the Broncos' long losing streak to the Kansas City Chiefs or the way Patrick Mahomes had owned them ever since winning in Denver in his first NFL start back in 2017.
Simmons won't have to address — or ignore — either point again after the Broncos throttled the defending Super Bowl champs 24-9 on a frigid Sunday afternoon.
 Simmons said after the Broncos (3-5) ended their 16-game losing streak to the Chiefs (6-2) by dominating every facet against a team that hadn’t lost to Denver since Week 2 of the 2015 season.
It was Mahomes' first loss to Denver after 12 wins and his first road defeat in the AFC West after winning his first 16 divisional games away from Arrowhead Stadium.
No touchdowns, at least.
 said Mahomes, who had a pedestrian day with a 59.2 passer rating, three sacks and two interceptions.
Swift wasn’t on hand to witness Travis Kelce’s six catches for 58 yards or the awful day for the rest of the Chiefs, who posted three field goals, went 0 for 3 in the red zone and turned it over four times on offense to go with a turnover on downs and a muffed punt that Denver recovered.
Simmons recovered a fumble and picked off Mahomes for the sixth time in his career. Those takeaways led to 10 points as the Broncos posted back-to-back wins for the first time in over a year.
Russell Wilson only threw 19 times but three of his dozen completions were in the end zone, to receivers Jerry Jeudy and Courtland Sutton and running back Javonte Williams, who ran 27 times for 85 yards and caught three passes for 13 yards.
 Wilson said after the Broncos, who came in averaging just 22 carries a game, next-to-last in the league, ran the ball 40 times for 153 yards in controlling the clock and the tempo.
The Broncos blew the game open when rookie linebacker Drew Sanders recovered Mecole Hardman's muffed punt at the Chiefs 10-yard line early in the fourth quarter. Two plays later Wilson hit Sutton in the left corner to make it 21-9, making the Broncos the first opponent to top 20 points against K.C. this season.
Mahomes drove the Chiefs to the Denver 27 but Skyy Moore couldn't bring in a perfectly placed toss in the end zone on fourth down with 7:35 left.
Simmons, who had a fumble recovery in the first half, intercepted Mahomes with about 5 minutes left and the Broncos added a short field goal with 31 seconds remaining.
The Chiefs never trailed by more than 10 points in any of their 16 consecutive wins over Denver — it was the third-longest win streak against one opponent in NFL history — but they fell behind 14-3 early on and never found their footing.
In the first half, Mahomes also was intercepted by cornerback Ja'Quan McMillian and strip-sacked by Baron Browning with Jonathon Cooper recovering the loose ball.
 to sack, said Browning, who had three QB hits to go with his two sacks. 
Three weeks ago at Arrowhead, the Chiefs were just 1 for 5 in the red zone but managed to pull off a 19-8 win against the Broncos. On Sunday, they were 0 for 3 inside Denver's 20.
 said Mahomes, who was held without a touchdown throw for the first time since Dec. 5, 2021, in a 22-9 win over Denver.
