Mahomes threw for 424 yards and four touchdowns, Kelce caught 12 passes for 179 yards and a score, and the Chiefs beat the Chargers 31-17 on Sunday to seize command of a division they have won seven straight years. Mahomes also improved to 29-3 against teams from the AFC West, which Kansas City already leads by three games just seven weeks into the season.
 said Chiefs coach Andy Reid, whose team became the first Super Bowl champion to lose its season opener and then rip off six straight wins.
Marquez Valdes-Scantling added three catches for 84 yards and a touchdown, and Rashee Rice and Isiah Pacheco also caught TD passes for the Chiefs (6-1), who have won four straight against the Chargers dating to their 2021 overtime thriller.
It wasn't easy Sunday. The Chiefs were leading 24-17 midway through the fourth quarter when Mecole Hardman, who returned to Kansas City just this week in a trade with the New York Jets, brought back a punt 50 yards. That gave them a short field and, six plays later, Mahomes hit Pacheco out of the backfield for the touchdown that put the game away.
The Chargers' Justin Herbert, who was sacked five times by the league's No. 2 scoring defense, had 259 yards passing with a touchdown and two picks. Joshua Palmer caught five passes for 133 yards and Joshua Kelley ran for 75 yards and a score.
After an opening drive that netted a field goal, the reigning league MVP capped three of the next four with TD passes. The first was a 46-yard strike to Valdes-Scantling, the second to Rice, and the final one — almost fittingly — a flip from the 1-yard line to Kelce, who bulldozed through a group of defenders and into the end zone with 15 seconds left in the first half.
That prompted big cheers from the home crowd, including pop superstar Taylor Swift, who again watched from a luxury suite and celebrated with a personalized handshake with Brittany Mahomes, the quarterback's wife.
Mahomes had 321 yards passing by that point, the fourth time in his career he had been over 300 before halftime. And Kelce had nine catches for 143 yards and a score, the second week in a row he'd been over 100 by the break.
After they evened the score with a field goal of their own, Kelley got loose for a 49-yard touchdown run early in the second quarter. And after Herbert connected with Palmer for 60 yards down the middle of the field, the Los Angeles quarterback found tight end Gerald Everett in the end zone for a touchdown.
Given all the first-half offense, the second half was mostly a dud. Both teams put together long drives in the third quarter, and both of them ended up with turnovers, leaving the Chiefs clinging to their 24-17 lead heading into the fourth.
Chiefs pass rusher Charles Omenihu, who was suspended six games for violating the NFL's personal conduct policy, made his debut in a big way. He had a sack in the first half and tipped a pass that L'Jarius Sneed picked off in the second.
