PITTSBURGH -- — Mason Rudolph isn't afraid to admit his mind would drift toward the future as the seasons passed and he remained at the bottom of the Pittsburgh Steelers' depth chart.
Two-plus years after his last appearance in a regular-season game, Rudolph threw for 290 yards and two long touchdowns to embattled wide receiver George Pickens on Saturday as the Steelers gave their fading playoff hopes a jolt with a 34-11 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals.
He hit Pickens for an 86-yard catch-and-run touchdown on Pittsburgh's second offensive snap and lobbed a rainbow in the third quarter that Pickens turned into a 66-yard score as the Steelers posted their highest point total in a win since 2020.
 said Rudolph, who completed 17 of 27 passes for 290 yards.
That feeling has been rare for Pittsburgh even before Ben Roethlisberger's retirement after the 2021 season. The Steelers have spent the last three years relying heavily on a defense that would find ways to win tight games, with the offense mostly along for the ride.
With his team's season hanging in the balance and speculation mounting that his 17-year tenure may be drawing to a close, coach Mike Tomlin told his players 
Pickens caught four passes for 195 yards — including a 44-yard sideline grab just before halftime that set up a field goal — and afterward apologized, sort of, for saying during the week that his critics were  who never played the game. Yet he also said he was keeping  and called the negativity that's engulfed the Steelers so much 
Cincinnati (8-7) is still in the mix, too, but Jake Browning fell to 3-2 as a starter in place of the injured Joe Burrow. The longtime practice squad player threw for 335 yards and a touchdown but was also picked off three times, with all three turnovers leading to points the other way.
Tee Higgins finished with five receptions for 140 yards and an 80-yard touchdown for Cincinnati, but the game effectively ended Rudolph went deep on third down to a streaking Pickens on the Steelers' next possession. Pickens ran under it, then ran away from defenders to push the lead back to 23.
Who knows if he'll start next week. Tomlin said it's too early to say. Rudolph has been through enough to know that there's no point in getting ahead of himself. The player who remembers getting a treehouse as a Christmas present as a kid received a game ball from defensive tackle Cam Heyward in a jubilant and relieved locker room.
Steelers: Will try to win at Seattle for the second time in franchise history when they play the Seahawks on Dec. 31.
