PHILADELPHIA -- — Yes, of course, Jalen Hurts and coach Nick Sirianni heard the booming chants that echoed throughout the Linc from Eagles fans fed up with the pass-heavy offense that stalled in the second half.
The Eagles eventually listened, and fans went wild when Kenneth Gainwell ripped off a 22-yard run and D’Andre Swift scored on a 5-yard run — yes, a rushing score that kept their chance of an NFC East title alive.
Hurts scored on the  that gave him the NFL record for most rushing touchdowns by a quarterback in a season and he threw for 301 yards and a touchdown to lead the Philadelphia Eagles past the New York Giants 33-25 on Monday night.
The Eagles (11-4) snapped a three-game losing streak that put Philly fans on edge — and led to a shakeup in defensive play calling. The losses to San Francisco, Dallas and Seattle essentially ended Philadelphia’s bid for the No. 1 seed in the NFC.
But the path to a second straight division title is clear. The Eagles need to beat Arizona next week and defeat the Giants again in the season finale to finish atop the NFC East.
After three crushing defeats, it took a visit from the Giants to straighten out the Eagles. The Eagles are 11-0 at the Linc against New York since 2014 and beat the Giants three times last season.
Adoree’ Jackson gave the Giants (5-10) a late spark when he returned an interception 76 yards for a score and Saquon Barkley converted a 2-point conversion that made it 20-18 late in the third quarter.
It was still a largely sloppy effort, the kind that cost the Eagles of late against the more elite teams in the NFL.
Swift's TD made it 27-18 and it came in handy when New York's Tyrod Taylor — who replaced Tommy DeVito to open the second half — connected with Darius Slayton for a 69-yard score late in the fourth that made it 30-25.
Hurts eventually took care of business in a season where he failed to take care of the ball — his 18 turnovers are among the worst in the NFL.
Hurts had another misstep late in the first half when he ran for a few more yards rather than go out of bounds as the clock ticked down. Instead of having time for one more chance at the end zone, Jake Elliott kicked a 21-yarder as time expired for a 20-3 halftime lead.
Hurts scored his 15th rushing TD of the season on a 1-yard  early in the first quarter that gave him the most for a QB in a season in NFL history. Carolina’s Cam Newton held the record at 14 in 2011.
Hurts threw a 36-yard TD pass to DeVonta Smith for a 17-3 lead that gave him 35 total touchdowns this season, tying the team’s season record. QB Randall Cunningham accounted for 35 in 1990 and Hurts matched him last season.
The Eagles got an early sign that their fortunes were changing at the end of a miserable month. Hurts had a disastrous snap sail over his head that forced him to sprint about 6 yards and chase the football. Hurts recovered, ran to his left and threw across his body to hit tight end Grant Calcaterra for a first down. The Eagles had an apparent touchdown reversed on replay later in the drive, but settled for Elliott’s 28-yarder and a 10-3 lead.
The Eagles had another turnover — the kind that cost them over and over in their losing streak — when Boston Scott fumbled the second-half kickoff. With strong field position, Barkley scored on a 7-yard run that cut it to 20-10.
Turnovers, picks, flags, another untidy effort showed that — even with a win — the Eagles still don't play like a team primed to make a second straight run at the Super Bowl.
