It's a final score that's never been seen before in NFL history, and that's just what the Denver Broncos had Sunday in their resounding 29-12 win over the Cleveland Browns that stretched their winning streak to five.
This was their grittiest win yet and the Browns (7-4), who were already without quarterback Deshaun Watson and cornerback Denzel Ward, limped out of Denver with several more worrisome injuries.
Just like that 70-20 loss at Miami in Week 3, he was quickly reminded.
The Broncos (6-5) have recovered from their 1-5 start headlined by that Miami meltdown to jump back into the AFC playoff race with their first five-game winning streak since they started out 7-0 in 2015, when they last reached the playoffs.
 Russell Wilson said after accounting for two touchdowns in another unalluring but satisfying performance — 13 for 22 for 134 yards, a TD and no interceptions.
Behind a defense that's forcing turnovers at an historic rate.
The Broncos' three fumble recoveries Sunday gave them 15 takeaways in their last four games, their best such stretch since 1989.
 Wilson said after the Broncos turned two of those turnovers into 10 points to make it a rout.
The Broncos rushed for 169 yards and converted three times in the red zone against the league's best defense.
 said Garrett, who had just two tackles. 
Thompson-Robinson was knocked from the game in the second half when he was hit hard by edge rusher Baron Browning just as he released a pass, drawing a late flag although the hit appeared legal. The Broncos sacked his backup, P.J. Walker, four times, including once in the end zone for a safety.
It all started to unravel for the Browns after Thompson-Robinson threw his first career TD pass, a 2-yard toss to tight end Harrison Bryant, in the third quarter. Cooper dropped the 2-point pass that would have tied it, leaving the Browns trailing 14-12.
After a Wil Lutz field goal made it 17-12, defensive tackle D.J. Jones recovered a fumbled reverse at the Cleveland 20-yard line early in the fourth quarter and Wilson threw an 8-yard touchdown pass to tight end Adam Trautman to make it 24-12.
Mike Purcell and Alex Singleton also recovered fumbles for Denver, which closed the scoring when Zach Allen tackled Walker in the end zone with 2:17 remaining.
Singleton smothered a loose ball after P.J. Locke, filling in for suspended safety Kareem Jackson, strip-sacked Walker at midfield earlier in the fourth quarter. That led to a field goal that made it 27-12.
Thompson-Robinson was hit just as he released a pass that fell incomplete on third-and-12 from his own 23. Scrambling to avoid several pass rushers, Thompson-Robinson was near his own goal line when he threw the ball and got smacked by Browning.
As Thompson-Robinson lay on the ground, back judge Greg Steed ran over to him and threw a late flag for roughing the passer, sending Cleveland's punt unit back to the sideline.
The Broncos entered the game with just one rushing touchdown all season and had two more by halftime: Samaje Perine's 3-yard run and Wilson's 2-yard keeper that staked Denver to a 14-0 lead before a pair of field goals by Dustin Hopkins made it 14-6 at the break.
