Flacco passed for 311 yards and three touchdowns — two to tight end David Njoku — in his home debut for Cleveland, and the Browns survived a late rally by Trevor Lawrence and the Jacksonville Jaguars for a 31-27 win Sunday.
Flacco has thrown for 565 yards and five touchdowns in two starts. Although Browns coach Kevin Stefanski never announced his starting quarterback for this week's game, he quickly confirmed that he'll ride with Flacco the rest of the way.
Flacco threw two TD passes in the first half to Njoku and then completed a 41-yarder to wide receiver David Bell in the fourth quarter when the Jaguars gambled with an all-out blitz on fourth down. As Bell streaked to the end zone, Flacco did his best to keep up — for an old guy.
The Browns are the eighth team in NFL history to win using four starting quarterbacks in the same season.
 Flacco said after getting his 100th win as a starter. "It’s really a unique experience. To have children that are of the age where they understand what’s going on, and I’m going to remember these things forever.
Lawrence played despite spraining his right ankle Monday night. He threw a season-high three interceptions before bringing the first-place Jaguars (8-5) back in the fourth quarter.
His third TD pass — to Evan Engram with 1:33 left — pulled the Jaguars within four points. Garrett then sacked Lawrence on the 2-point conversion, and the Browns recovered an onside kick to close it out.
The Jaguars suffered their second loss in six days despite having Lawrence. The quarterback wasn't on his game early and finished 28 of 50 for 257 yards.
Martin Emerson had two of the picks against Lawrence, who threw an incompletion on fourth down with 3:30 left.
The Browns then took a 31-21 lead when Dustin Hopkins kicked a 55-yard field goal with 3:10 remaining.
Garrett called a penalty on the officiating crew, calling its performance 
Garrett's comments came one week after Pittsburgh's T.J. Watt was highly critical following a game against Arizona.
