Kenny Pickett threw for a season-high 278 yards and the Steelers outlasted the Joe Burrow-less Cincinnati Bengals 16-10 on Sunday.
In their first game since Canada's dismissal — the franchise's first in-season coordinator or head coach change since 1941 — the Steelers (7-4) totaled 421 yards, snapping a streak of 58 games without gaining 400 yards.
With running backs coach Eddie Faulkner running the offense on an interim basis and quarterbacks coach Mike Sullivan calling plays, the Steelers outgained their opponent for the first time this season. Pickett looked more comfortable, Pat Freiermuth had a career-high 120 yards and Najee Harris ran for 99.
Chris Boswell kicked two fourth-quarter field goals to keep the Bengals at bay. Cincinnati (5-6) got a field goal from Evan McPherson just before the two-minute warning, but the Steelers recovered the onside kick and ran out the clock.
Bengals backup Jake Browning threw a touchdown pass in his first start but had trouble keeping the chains moving. He finished 19 for 26 for 227 yards and threw an interception in the red zone.
Browning got the start in place of Burrow, the franchise quarterback whose season ended when he tore a ligament in his right wrist in a loss to the Baltimore Ravens on Nov. 16.
The Steelers are trying to keep pace with the Ravens and Cleveland Browns in the AFC North. Pittsburgh had won nine straight one-score games before a 13-10 loss to Cleveland last week, when Pickett had just 106 yards passing and the offense totaled 249 yards.
Pittsburgh moved the ball more effectively early Sunday, marching into the red zone in the first quarter before Jaylen Warren lost a fumble.
Later, the Steelers ate up nearly eight minutes of the third quarter with a 14-play, 79-yard drive that Najee Harris finished with a 5-yard rushing touchdown. That put the Steelers up 10-7 at the end of the third. Harris finished with 99 yards.
The Bengals (5-6) showed they will likely have a tough time getting back to the playoffs without Burrow running the offense. They were 2 for 10 on third down and managed just 222 yards of total offense.
Cincinnati took advantage of a short field in the second quarter with a 46-yard kickoff return by Trayveon Williams, setting up its only touchdown. Ja’Marr Chase turned a tipped pass into a 31-yard gain, and two plays later, Browning hooked up with tight end Drew Sample for an 11-yard TD.
The Bengals run game was again a non-factor, which restricted what Browning could do with the passing game. Joe Mixon had eight carries for 16 yards. After a while, they just stopped trying.
Mixon has averaged 4 yards per carry this season.
