Deshaun Watson ran for a touchdown and threw for another, and Cleveland's defense bottled up Burrow — the NFL's new highest-paid player — as the Browns opened the season with a 24-3 win over the Bengals on Sunday.
Chase, who finished with five catches for 39 yards, didn't take back his inflammatory comments.
In fact, he doubled down.
Watson bolted for a 13-yard TD late in the first half, making the kind of dynamic play the Browns envisioned when they signed him to a $230 million contract in 2022. He missed 11 games last season for violating the league's personal conduct policy.
He added a 3-yard TD pass in the fourth quarter to tight end Harrison Bryant, and Watson celebrated by skipping down the field in front of Cincinnati's sideline before converting the 2-point try with a run up the middle.
Cleveland's Nick Chubb rushed 106 yards on 18 carries.
Burrow had a rough opener, two days after signing a five-year, $275 million extension — giving him the highest average annual salary in league history. The Browns held Burrow to a career-worst 82 yards passing (14 of 31) as Cleveland's rebuilt defensive line pressured him all day.
 said Burrow, who was sacked just twice but rushed numerous throws. 
Myles Garrett sacked Burrow on fourth down with 10:27 left to help seal Cleveland's stunningly easy win over the AFC North champions. The Browns forced the Bengals to punt 10 times in 14 possessions.
Dustin Hopkins kicked three field goals — from 42, 34 and 43 yards — in his debut for the Browns, who traded for him last month after cutting Cade York.
The 100th  was short on memorable moments, but Cleveland coach Kevin Stefanski improved to 6-1 against the Browns' in-state rival.
Stefanski and offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt celebrated with a big hug after the QB crossed the goal line. Stefanski credited Van Pelt for adding the play on Saturday, and Watson said he checked out of a pass before the run.
Bengals coach Zac Taylor, who dropped to 0-5 against Cleveland, said the conditions altered the game plan.
The Browns honored the late Hall of Fame running back Jim Brown throughout the home opener. Brown, the leading rusher in team history, died in May at age 87.
