Jared Goff threw three touchdown passes in the first half and ran for another score in the fourth quarter, lifting the Lions to a 42-24 victory over the winless Carolina Panthers on Sunday.
 said offensive tackle Taylor Decker, who made his 100th start for the team.
The Panthers (0-5) turned the ball over three times in the first half — two coming on consecutive snaps — to set up Detroit up for three touchdowns and a 28-10 halftime lead.
Carolina rookie quarterback Bryce Young was picked off twice in the first half and Miles Sanders lost a fumble.
Young, the No. 1 overall pick, was 25 of 41 for 247 yards with three touchdowns and two interceptions. The former Alabama star entered the game with two touchdowns, two interceptions and two lost fumbles in three starts.
Goff was 20 of 28 for 236 yards, and his 1-yard sneak early in the fourth put Detroit ahead 35-10.
David Montgomery, with 109 yards rushing, became the first Lion to run for 100-plus yards and score in two straight games since Kevin Jones in 2004. Rookie tight end Sam LaPorta caught two TDs in the first half.
Detroit's Aidan Hutchinson used his right hand to snag Young's short pass in the first quarter and became the first NFL defensive lineman to have four interceptions in his first two seasons.
The Panthers bounced back from a 14-0 deficit when Young threw a 1-yard TD pass to Tommy Tremble. Carolina stopped Detroit on fourth down on the ensuing possession.
The Lions, as if they were toying with Carolina, called a reverse flea-flicker and Goff found LaPorta wide open for a 31-yard touchdown to go ahead 28-7 late in the first half.
Lions receiver Jameson Williams returned from a suspension for gambling that was shortened to four games and had a pass go through his hands.
Williams had two catches for 2 yards and made a key block on Montgomery’s touchdown run.
Veteran Carolina receiver Adam Thielen matched a season high with 11 catches and had 107 yards with a 1-yard touchdown catch late in the lopsided game.
