Walker replaced injured quarterback Watson in the first quarter and directed a second straight fourth-quarter comeback, relying on Hunt's second score of the day with 15 seconds left to give Cleveland a 39-38 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday.
While the Browns (4-2) came up short on style points, they persevered in this one despite seeing the league's stingiest scoring defense sometimes look vulnerable, aided by questionable penalties against the Colts on back-to-back plays in the final 40 seconds.
The first, an illegal contact call, erased what would have been a game-sealing fumble recovery. The second, a pass interference call, gave Cleveland four chances from the 1-yard line. Hunt barely cracked the goal line on fourth down.
The Colts (3-4) lost their second straight as Gardner Minshew committed four more turnovers — three of which Cleveland turned into scores with the last one sealing the victory. He now has seven turnovers in his two starts since rookie Anthony Richardson injured his right shoulder.
But in perhaps the wildest game of Week 7, Minshew still had the Colts on the precipice of victory thanks to two TD runs — matching his previous career total — and touchdown passes of 59 yards to Josh Downs and 75 yards to Michael Pittman Jr., whose score gave the Colts a 38-33 lead with 5:38 left.
He dominated the first half with two strip-sacks and leapt over the long snapper to block a 60-yard field goal — with all three plays leading to Browns points. He finished with nine tackles and Za'Darius Smith added a third strip-sack that Cleveland recovered with 2 seconds left.
Hopkins probably felt the same way after making two 54-yard field goals and a 58-yarder, extending his streak of consecutive games with at least one 50-yarder to five, an NFL record.
Jerome Ford had a 69-yard TD run ont the third play of the game and finsihed with 11 carries for 74 yards while Walker was 15 of 32 with 178 yards and one interception.
Minshew was 15 of 23 for 305 yards with two touchdowns and an interception. Jonathan Taylor had 18 carries for 75 yards and his first score of the season, and Downs had five receptions for 125 yards.
Cleveland defense entered the game ranked among the league's top five in most of the major defensive categories. But they came into the game with just four takeaways — a number they doubled Sunday despite allowing a season worst 456 total yards.
Colts: Play their fourth home game in five weeks next Sunday against New Orleans.
