SEATTLE -- — Amid the flood of emotions that continued long after he walked off the field a winner, Drew Lock paused briefly to reflect.
Lock threw a 29-yard touchdown pass to Jaxon Smith-Njigba with 28 seconds left to cap a 92-yard drive, and the Seahawks stunned the Philadelphia Eagles 20-17, ending a four-game skid and getting back into NFC playoff contention.
Seattle (7-7) rallied behind Lock, who moved the team the length of the field for its longest touchdown drive this season and found the Seahawks’ rookie first-round pick for the biggest catch of his young career.
On third-and-10, Smith-Njigba beat James Bradberry off the line and Lock’s throw was perfect to cap an unlikely comeback from an early 10-0 deficit. Lock, who made his second straight start in place of the injured Geno Smith, connected with DK Metcalf three times on the decisive drive, including much-needed chunk plays of 18 and 34 yards.
Philadelphia had one last opportunity, but Julian Love made his second interception of the fourth quarter, picking off Jalen Hurts’ deep pass intended for A.J. Brown and just getting his feet down inbounds.
Lock's touchdown pass to Smith-Njigba was a play Seattle ran earlier in the game, and Lock knew if he got single coverage again, the throw was headed to the rookie.
 said Lock, who finished 22 of 33 for 208 yards.
It was the second game-winning touchdown in the fourth quarter for Smith-Njigba, who had one against Cleveland. And it looked awfully familiar to a catch he made for Ohio State in the Rose Bowl against Utah.
Lock was also the lead blocker on Kenneth Walker III’s 23-yard touchdown run in the third quarter that pulled Seattle even at 10-10. Walker finished with 86 yards rushing.
Hurts, who was questionable to play with an illness, had a difficult night. He had 13 carries for 82 yards and two touchdowns, but he was just 17 of 31 passing for 143 yards with the two picks.
Hurts didn’t look like he felt great, but for the first three quarters he played well enough. He capped a pair of long scoring drives with touchdown runs of 3 yards and 1 yard. Hurts now has 14 rushing touchdowns, tied with Cam Newton in 2011 for the most by a quarterback in a season.
Lock didn’t put up big numbers, but he avoided major mistakes and was great on the final drive, when he completed 5 of 10 passes and accounted for all 92 yards.
