CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- — The Indianapolis Colts defense entered Sunday's game reeling after allowing at least 37 points in each of its past three games.
Moore returned two Bryce Young interceptions for touchdowns, Jonathan Taylor caught a touchdown pass from Gardner Minshew and the Indianapolis Colts defeated the Carolina Panthers 27-13 to snap a three-game losing streak.
Moore became the first Colts player in history with two pick-6s in a game and only the second NFL player to do it in the past 11 years. The other was Tampa Bay’s Mike Edwards, who did it against the Atlanta Falcons in Week 2 of the 2021 season.
The Colts intercepted Young, the No. 1 pick in the draft, three times and sacked him four times. Young finished 24 of 39 for 173 yards with one touchdown to fall to 1-6 as an NFL starter.
Young has now been sacked 26 times in seven starts, and the rookie clearly seems bothered by the constant pressure. He was hit seven times on Sunday and hurried on a number of other occasions.
Adam Thielen, in the midst of a career season, was limited to 29 yards on five receptions for the Panthers (1-7), who matched their worst start in franchise history.
Minshew threw for 127 yards and Taylor ran for 47 yards for the Colts (4-5).
The Colts dominated the Panthers in the first half outgaining them 171-62 and took a 20-3 lead into the locker room after Moore stepped in front of Young's pass in the flat to Chuba Hubbard and took it 49 yards for a score.
Carolina appeared to have regained momentum after cutting the Colts lead to 10 in the third quarter before Young overshot Miles Sanders and Moore grabbed it and raced 66 yards to end zone to give the Colts a 27-10 lead early in the fourth quarter.
It started when recently signed Eku Leota lined up offside on a Colts punt on fourth-and-1 from deep in their end of the field. That mental error gifted the Colts with a first down and led to a 15-play drive that resulted in a 26-yard field goal by Matt Gay.
The Colts made it 10-0 after Panthers safety Xavier Woods was called for launching at Colts wide receiver Michael Pittman on a crossing route, setting up Taylor's 10-yard TD reception.
After Gay's 57-yard field goal made it 13-3, Young threw a pass in the flat toward Hubbard that Moore easily made a break on and took to the end zone.
The Panthers showed some life in the third quarter behind Miles Sanders, who has seen his playing time limited of late because of fumbles and ineffectiveness.
Sanders made four big plays leading to Young's 5-yard TD pass to DJ Chark, cutting the Colts lead to 20-10.
But Moore's second pick-6 all but sealed the win as Reich failed to beat the Colts, who fired him last season.
