Mayfield threw three touchdown passes for Tampa Bay, Derek Carr's surprise return from a shoulder injury did little to help New Orleans' anemic offense, and the Buccaneers beat the Saints 26-9 on Sunday.
Mayfield is  said receiver Chris Godwin, who caught eight passes for 114 yards, including a 42-yarder that set up Tampa Bay's final touchdown.
 Godwin said. 
Mayfield’s mobility helped him evade pass rushers and even scramble for a couple of third-down conversions. His arm, meanwhile, produced points.
Mayfield completed 25 of 32 passes for 246 yards including TDs to Cade Otten, Trey Palmer and Deven Thompkins as the Bucs (3-1) took over first place in the NFC South.
Starting one week after spraining his throwing shoulder at Green Bay, and after only limited work in practice the past week, Carr struggled to move New Orleans' offense, which had accounted for just four touchdowns in the first three weeks and did not add that total in Week 4.
He finished 23 of 37 for 127 yards and the Saints could not keep up with the Bucs on a day when they were hoping for a boost from star running back Alvin Kamara's return from a three-game suspension.
Kamara touched the ball 24 times with 11 carries and 13 receptions, but finished with just 84 yards from scrimmage.
Mayfield, meanwhile, passed for a pair of touchdowns in the second quarter.
He bought time with his feet on third down before hitting Otten for a 4-yard score that made it 7-3.
Mayfield was intercepted just short of the goal line late in the half by Isaac Yiadom, but Saints fullback Adam Prentice fumbled the ball right back. Mayfield then hit Palmer on a fade route to make it 14-3 at halftime.
Mayfield put the game away with his 5-yard pass to diving Thompkins with 3:44 left.
Early in the third quarter, Carr had top receiver Chris Olave open deep downfield twice on one drive. Carr underthrew him the first time. On the second, safety Antoine Winfield recovered in time to catch Olave from behind and make a diving break-up in the end zone.
Kamara helped carry the Saints inside the Tampa Bay 20 late in the third quarter — gaining 41 yards on four runs and two catches — but they settled for Grupe's short field goal to make it 14-6.
Buccaneers: WR Mike Evans injured his hamstring in the second quarter. Bucs coach Todd Bowles said it appeared Evans  but added,  ... S Ryan Neal left with a concussion after making a tackle on the game's second play.
