DENVER -- — The end of Denver's dubious streak of blown halftime leads and the Broncos' first home victory under coach Sean Payton both came from the most unexpected of sources.
Backup safety P.J. Locke saved the Broncos from another second-half meltdown, intercepting Jordan Love's deep pass in the closing minutes to preserve a 19-17 win over the Green Bay Packers on Sunday.
Locke — subbing for safety Kareem Jackson, who was ejected for the second time this season following an illegal high hit earlier in the fourth quarter on tight end Luke Musgrave — picked off the throw intended for Samori Toure just after the two-minute warning.
 the fourth-year pro out of Texas said of his first career interception, which came in his 50th NFL game, all as a reserve.
On the play, running back A.J. Dillon was wide open for what would have been a big gain underneath, but Love was looking to go deep on third-and-20 from midfield.
That gave Payton his first win at home in four tries and snapped the Broncos' streak of losing 10 consecutive games in which they'd taken a lead into halftime.
Three of those blown halftime leads came on Payton's watch, and the Broncos frittered away a 9-0 advantage at the midpoint Sunday before Wil Lutz's fourth field goal, from 52 yards out, with 3:50 remaining put Denver back in front for good.
The Packers quickly approached field-goal range for rookie kicker Anders Carlson, but after A.J. Dillon's 29-yard catch-and-run, things went sideways for Green Bay. Love was facing third-and-20 from his own 46 when his deep pass was picked off.
The Packers took a 17-16 lead on Love's 4-yard touchdown pass to Jayden Reed midway through the fourth quarter that went off Romeo Doubs' hands.
Doubs had pulled the Packers within 16-10 in the third quarter on a 16-yard touchdown catch that both he and cornerback Patrick Surtain II corralled as they tumbled to the ground.
On the broadcast, CBS rules expert Gene Steratore said he believed the touchdown should have been ruled an interception because Surtain had two feet down before Doubs did. Therefore, Steratore argued, Surtain had completed the catch before Doubs had done so.
Payton concurred, saying,  it wasn't ruled an interception on the field or via the NFL's standard review of all scoring plays.  Payton said.
Kemp said simultaneous possession wasn't ruled on the field but even if it had been, the play still would have resulted in a touchdown.
Locke's interception rendered it a moot point as far as the outcome was concerned.
Wilson rebounded from his worst game as a Bronco a week earlier to throw for 195 yards on 20-of-29 passing with one touchdown, a 18-yarder to Courtland Sutton that gave Denver a 16-3 lead.
Jackson, who’s been fined four times already for illegal hits and drew an ejection against Washington in Week 2, was DQ’d after hitting Musgrave in the head after his 18-yard catch along the Packers sideline early in the fourth quarter.
Aaron Jones returned from a pulled hamstring and gained 58 yards on 11 touches, not nearly enough to kick-start Green Bay's stagnant offense.
