Justin Herbert was hoping for a performance where he didn't spend five minutes discussing the broken middle finger on his non-throwing hand.
Herbert — who passed for 298 yards and three touchdowns — directed the Chargers (3-4) to points on their first five drives, marking the first time in six seasons they have accomplished that feat.
Herbert, who had struggled with accuracy the past two games after breaking the middle finger of his left hand four weeks ago, completed his first 15 passes and was 31 of 40.
It was the first time in two years that Herbert passed for three TDs in the first half, finding Austin Ekeler, Simi Fehoko and Donald Parham to help stake the Chargers to a 24-7 lead at the break.
The Chargers looked like they were going to be in for another long night on defense when Chicago's Tyson Bagent connected with Darnell Mooney for a 41-yard completion down the right sideline on the first play. That would be the only play though the Chargers allowed of at least 20 yards.
Derwin James and Ja'Sir Taylor gave Los Angeles their first game with two interceptions this season. The defense also came up with three fourth-down stops.
 said linebacker Joey Bosa, who had a sack.
On special teams, Cameron Dicker had his second game this season with three field goals, with two coming in the second half.
Bagent had a more difficult time in his second NFL start. The undrafted rookie was 25 of 37 for 232 yards with two interceptions.
He did have a 1-yard sneak late in the fourth quarter to get the Bears within 30-13. Bagent's 2-point pass attempt was incomplete.
Austin Ekeler finished with 123 scrimmage yards, including seven receptions for 94 yards.
Los Angeles scored on its opening drive for the fourth time this season when Ekeler took Herbert’s screen pass down the left sideline for 39 yards. That made Ekeler the first running back in the Super Bowl era to reach 30 TD catches with the same team and the seventh player in NFL history to have 30 touchdowns rushing and 30 receiving.
With 1:47 remaining in the first half, Darrynton Evans took Bagent's toss and went 11 yards to get the Bears (2-6) within 17-7.
However, the Chargers regained momentum before halftime with a nine-play, 75-yard drive, culminating in Parham's 11-yard score, where he broke a couple tackles before getting over the goal line.
Bears: LB Tremaine Edwards went down with a knee injury during the third quarter and did not return.
