LANDOVER, Md. -- — Tyreek Hill wasn't surprised to see just one defender covering him. After catching a 78-yard touchdown pass, he was plenty thankful.
Hill had two touchdowns among his five catches for 157 yards, and he and the Miami Dolphins routed the Washington Commanders 45-15 Sunday to pad their lead atop the AFC East and get to 9-3 for the first time since 2001.
 said Tagovailoa, who was 18 of 24 for 280 yards and the TD passes of 78 and 60 yards to Hill. 
De’Von Achane ran for two touchdowns in his return after missing five of the past six games with a knee injury. Raheem Mostert also had a rushing TD for Miami’s league-leading offense that put up 406 yards.
Tagovailoa was also turnover-free after giving the ball away four times over the past two games.
In extending their winning streak to three, the Dolphins even got scoring from their defense, thanks to linebacker Andrew Van Ginkel's 33-yard pick-6 of Sam Howell late in the first quarter. They also sacked Howell three times in the first game without Jaelan Phillips, who's out for the season after tearing his right Achilles tendon in Miami's last game at the New York Jets.
Washington (4-9) had no answer for Hill in the first game with coach Ron Rivera calling the defensive plays following his decision to fire coordinator Jack Del Rio. Hill, the NFL's leading receiver who also has the most TD catches with 12, remains on track to break Calvin Johnson's record for the most yards receiving in a season and become the first to reach 2,000.
Howell, who ran for two touchdowns while going 12 of 23 for 127 yards, is on pace for a more dubious record: the most sacks taken in a season. He's up to 58 — David Carr set the record with 76 in 2002 — leads the league in interceptions with 14 and has had one returned for a TD in three consecutive games.
Miami was so convincingly ahead that McDaniel pulled Tagovailoa, Hill and many of the offensive skill players early in the fourth quarter. Backup Mike White led a touchdown drive in garbage time.
Commanders offensive coordinator Eric Bieniemy could be seen yelling at Howell on the sideline after the QB's pick-6 that looked like a screen pass right to Van Ginkel. Howell talked glowingly about Bieniemy's growth as a play-caller this season, and the two have worked closely together since offseason workouts.
Dolphins: LB Jerome Baker injured his left knee early in the second quarter when teammate Brandon Jones took his legs out from under him while trying to tackle Washington's Curtis Samuel. McDaniel said the vibe was Baker's injury wasn't season-ending but wanted to wait for further evaluation. ... Hunt aggravated a hamstring injury.
