INDIANAPOLIS -- Andrew Luck threw three touchdown passes, Adam Vinatieri kicked a 32-yard field goal as time expired and the Indianapolis Colts beat the Miami Dolphins 27-24 on Sunday for their fifth consecutive victory.
Indianapolis (6-5) scored 13 points in the final 8 1/2 minutes to erase a 10-point deficit. It's the longest win streak for the Colts since 2014.
Miami (5-6) has lost 10 of its last 11 on the road, perhaps none more frustrating than this one. The Dolphins picked off Luck twice, recovered a fumble and partially blocked a punt on their way to a 24-14 lead.

It still wasn't enough to derail the resurgent Luck, who was 30 of 37 for 343 yards. He also had the first catch of his NFL career, a 4-yard reception on fourth-and-1 late in the first half. Luck capped that drive with a 1-yard TD pass to Jack Doyle.
It was all Indy after Kenyan Drake's 14-yard TD run for Miami with 13:36 left.
Vinatieri kicked a 46-yard field goal with 8:26 to play. The Colts' defense then forced a three-and-out and Luck found Eric Ebron for a 12-yard touchdown pass, tying it at 24 with 4:25 left.
After a personal foul on Xavien Howard following the score and a holding penalty on the ensuing kickoff, Miami went three-and-out again and Luck burned the final 2:38 to set up Vinatieri's winner.
Luck has thrown at least three TD passes in eight consecutive games, tying Peyton Manning for the second-longest streak in NFL history. Only Tom Brady's 10-game streak was longer.
Ebron finished with five receptions for 45 yards and two scores.
Miami quarterback Ryan Tannehill was 17 of 25 for 204 yards and two TDs. He ended a nine-quarter touchdown drought with a 33-yard pass to Drake on Miami's opening series.
INJURY REPORT
Dolphins: Receiver Danny Amendola (right knee) and center Travis Swanson (ankle) both left in the first quarter. Drake left briefly in the fourth quarter after hurting his left shoulder but returned.
Colts: Starting center Ryan Kelly (left knee) did not play. Linebacker Darius Leonard injured his knee on the first play of the game, walked to the locker room and then returned on the Colts' second defensive series. Running back Marlon Mack entered the concussion protocol in the fourth quarter.
UP NEXT
Dolphins: Host Buffalo in a division matchup next Sunday.
Colts: Visit Jacksonville next Sunday, seeking a series sweep of last year's AFC runner-up.
---
More AP NFL: https://apnews.com/tag/NFL and https://twitter.com/AP-NFL